The Rulers 
Russia 

AMERICAN EDITION REVISED AND ENLARGED 




uu 

i— 



25c 



< 

O 

a 
< 

O 

CO 



I 



z> 

O 
O 

o£ 

UJ 

X 



"For them (the peoples of the Soviet 
Union) We cherish the warmest paternal 
affection. We are well aware that not a few 
of them groan beneath the yoke imposed 
on them by men who in very large part are 
strangers to the real interests of the country. 
We recognise that many others were deceived 
by fallacious hopes. We blame only the 
system with its authors and abettors who con- 
sidered Russia the best prepared field for ex- 
perimenting with a plan elaborated years ago, 
and who from there continue to spread it 
from one end of the world to the other." 
(Encyclical Letter of Pius XI, Divini Re- 
demptoris, on Atheistic Communism.) 



REV. DENIS FAHEY, C.S.Sp. 



THE RULERS OF RUSSIA 



AMERICAN EDITION 
THIRD EDITION, REVISED AND ENLARGED 



By 
REV. DENIS FAHEY, C.S.Sp., D.D., D.Ph., B.A., 

Professor of Philosophy and Church History, 
Holy Ghost Missionary College, Kimmage, Dublin. 



Permission to reprint in United States and Canada 

granted exclusively to 

REV. CHAS. E. COUGHLIN 

Copyright for U.S.A., 1940 

by 

Rev. Chas. E. Coughlin 



Printed in V. S. A. 



Cum Permissu Superiorum Religiosorum 



Nihil Obstat: 



GULIELMUS COFFEY, S.T.L., 



Imprimi Potest: 



Censor. 



m JEREMIAS, 

Episcopus Waterfordiensis 
et Lismorensis. 



Watekfobehae, die 15a Novembris, 1939. 



First Edition, March, 1938. 

New and Enlarged Edition, October, 1938. 

Third Edition, Revised and Enlarged, November, 1939. 

American Edition, 1940. 



Originally 

Printed in Ireland, at Parkgate Printing Works, Dublin, 

By Cahill & Co., Ltd. 



Printed in America by Condon Printing Co., Detroit 
Distributed by Social Justice Publishing Co., Royal Oak, Michigan 



FOREWORD TO THE THIRD EDITION. 

In his well-known book, Genive contre la Paix, pp. 83-92, Count 
de St-Aulaire, former Ambassador of France at Madrid and Lon- 
don, gives an interesting account of a "lecture" on the Mission of 
Israel amongst the nations, by a Jewish banker of New York. The 
*'lecture" was "delivered" at an international dinner at Buda- 
Pesth in 1919, only a few days after the collapse of the Judaeo- 
Bolshevist domination of Bela-Kuhn over Catholic Hungary. The 
Count explains, by way of introduction, that a number of Jewish 
revolutionaries, who had been expelled from Hungary, had re- 
turned there in American uniforms after the armistice, and that 
their reports guided President Wilson in his attitude towards all 
that concerned the interests of Israel. This explains in particular, 
adds the Count, the President's scandalous partiality towards the 
Bolsheviks. In reply to the question how it was possible for high 
finance to favour Bolshevism, which is hostile to property, mov- 
able and immovable, the Jewish banker began by explaining that 
those who are astonished at the alliance between Israel and the 
Soviets forget that the Jewish nation is the most intensely na- 
tional of all peoples and that Marxism is simply one of the 
weapons of Jewish nationalism. Capitalism, he added, is equally 
sacred to Israel, which makes use of both Bolshevism and Capital- 
ism to remould the world for its ends. The process of renovation 
of the world is thus carried on from above by Jewish control of 
the riches of the world and from below by Jewish guidance of 
revolution. Israel has a divine mission, in fact Israel, become its 
own Messias, is God. Israel is purifying the idea of God and at 
the same time preparing the way for the definitive triumph of the 
chosen race. Thus, the banker concluded, Jewish power of organ- 
isation is manifested at one and the same time by Bolshevism with 
its delirium of destruction and by the League of Nations in the 
sphere of reconstruction. 



The "lecture" given by this Jewish banker came back to my 
mind when I learned that the information given in the document 
quoted by me, briefly on page 27 of this pamphlet and at length 
on pages 88-91 of The Mystical Body of Christ in the Modern 
World, had been called in question in New York. It occurred to 
me that he might be asked to repeat the "lecture" in public and 
thus enlighten my critics far more effectively than I could hope 
to do. Accordingly, I asked the well-known authority on Judaeo- 
Masonic subversive activities, M. L. de Poncins, to find out from 
the Count de St-Aulaire if he had taken note of the name of the 
banker. The Count courteously replied that he had not done so, 
but he added that "the 'lecture' being the expression of the men- 
tality not of an individual but of a group, every Jewish banker 
of New York would have said exactly the same in a moment of 
sincerity." (Letter of 19th March, 1939.) 

Proximate Preparations of the Russian Revolution 

I intend to examine the whole question at length in a book upon 
which I am engaged, The Mystical Body of Christ and the Organ- 
isation of Society. For the moment, I will content myself with 
quoting a few documents that are not as well known as they ought 
to be. One is the secret report received by the Imperial Russian 
General Headquarters from one of its agents in New York. This 
report, dated February 15th, 1916, was made known to the world 
by the Russian writer, Boris Brasol in his book, The World at the 
Cross Roads. It runs in part as follows: "The Russian Revolu- 
tionary Party of America has evidently resumed its activities. As 
a consequence of it, momentous developments are expected to 
follow. The first confidential meeting which marked the beginning 
of a new era of violence took place on Monday evening, February 
14th, 1916, in the East Side of New York City. It was attended 
by sixty-two delegates, fifty of whom were Veterans' of the 
revolution of 1905 — the rest being newly admitted members. 
Among the delegates were a large percentage of Jews, most of 
them belonging to the intellectual class, as doctors, publicists, etc., 
but also some professional revolutionists. . . . The proceedings of 
this first meeting were almost entirely devoted to the discussion of 
finding ways and means to start a great revolution in Russia as 
the 'most favourable moment for it is close at hand.' It was re- 
vealed that secret reports had just reached the party from Russia, 
describing the situation as very favourable, when all arrangements 



for an immediate outbreak were completed. The only serious 
problem was the financial question, but whenever this was raised, 
the assembly was immediately assured by some of the members 
that this question did not need to cause any embarrassment as 
ample funds, if necessary, would be furnished by persons in 
sympathy with the movement of liberating the people of Russia. 
In this connection the name of Jacob Schiff was repeatedly men- 
tioned." 

Mr. Boris Brasol adds, on pages 70 and 71 of the same work: 
"The full history of the interlocking participation of the Imperial 
German Government and international finance in the destruction 
of the Russian Empire is not yet written. ... It is not a mere co- 
incidence that at the notorious meeting held at Stockholm in 1916, 
between the former Russian Minister of the Interior, Protopopoff, 
and the German Agents, the German Foreign Office was repre- 
sented by Mr. Warburg, whose two brothers were members of 
the international banking firm, Kuhn, Loeb and Company, of 
which the late Mr. Jacob Schiff was a senior member." 

Robert Wilton's List of the Rulers of Soviet Russia 

An eye-witness of exceptional value of all the events of the 
Russian Revolution is Robert Wilton, the Russian correspondent 
of The Times for seventeen years. Born in England but educated 
in Russia, he knew Russia like a Russian, During the war, this 
correspondent of The Times, on one occasion in 1916, took com- 
mand of a section of the Russian army, of which the officers had 
been wounded, and behaved with such gallantry that he was deco- 
rated with the Cross of St. George. It was the first time that this 
¦ exclusively military distinction had been conferred upon a civilian. 
In the Foreword to his French book, Les Derniers Jours des 
Romanof, from which I am about to quote, Robert Wilton says, 
that in order to ensure the accuracy of the work, he himself trans- 
lated from Russian into French the official reports and original 
documents confirming his narrative. "I have done all in my 
power," he adds, "to act as an impartial chronicler." The list of 
names of the Rulers of Russia in 1918, which I am about to quote, 
is taken from pages 136-137 of this painstaking French study of 
the Russian Bolshevik Revolution. It is a noteworthy fact that 
this list is not to be found in the English edition of the same work, 
The Last Days of the Romanovs, published in September, 1920, 
by Thornton Butterworth. 



According to the English review, The Patriot, of 20th February, 
1930, after Robert Wilton had written in 1920: "The Jewish 
domination in Russia is supported by certain Russians . . . they 
are all mere screens or dummies behind which the Sverdlovs and 
the thousand and one Jews of Sovdepia continue their work of 
destruction," his chances in English journalism were gone. It is 
a well-known fact that he died in straitened circumstances in Jan- 
uary, 1925. 

On page 29 of Les Demiers Jours des Romanof, we read: 
"In order not to leave myself open to any accusation of prejudice, 
I am giving (on pages 136-137) the list of the members of the 
Central Committee, of the Extraordinary' Commission and the 
Council of Commissars functioning at the time of the assassina- 
tion of the Imperial Family. The 62 members of the Committee 
were composed of 5 Russians, 1 Ukrainian, 6 Letts, 2 Germans, 
1 Czech, 2 Armenians, 3 Georgians, 1 Karaim (Jewish sect), 41 
Jews. 1 The extraordinary Commission of Moscow was composed 
of 36 members, including 1 German, 1 Pole, 1 Armenian, 2 Rus- 
sians, 8 Letts, 23 Jews. The Council of the People's Commissars 
numbered 2 Armenians, 3 Russians, 17 Jews. According to the 
data furnished by the Soviet Press, out of 556 important func- 
tionaries of the Bolshevik State, including the above-mentioned, 
there were in 1918-1919, 17 Russians, 2 Ukrainians, 11 Arme- 
nians, 35 Letts, 15 Germans, 1 Hungarian, 10 Georgians, 3 Poles, 
3 Finns, 1 Czech, 1 Karaim, 457 Jews. 

"If the reader is astonished to find the Jewish hand everywhere 
in the affair of the assassination of the Russian Imperial Family, 
he must bear in mind the formidable numerical preponderance of 
Jews in the Soviet administration." 

On pages 136-138, then, of the same work, the author writes: 
"It is in die Central Committee of the Bolshevik Party that the 
governmental power resides. It was composed as follows in 1918: 
Bronstein (Trotski), Apfelbaum (Zinovieff), Lourie (Larine), 
Ouritski, Volodarski, Rosenfeldt (Kamenef), Smidovitch, Sver- 
dlof (Yankel), Nakhamkes (Steklof). 



1 There are some slight differences between this list and the one to which 
he refers and which is quoted further on. 



Jews 9 

Oulianof (Lenine), Krylenko, Lounatcharski, Russians 3 

12 

"The other Russian Socialist Parties are similar in composi- 
tion. Their Central Committees are made up as follows: S.D. 
Mensheviks, 11 members, all Jews; Communists of the People, 
6 members, of whom 5 are Jews and one is a Russian; S.R. 
(Right Wing), 15 members, of whom 13 are Jews and 2 are 
Russians (Kerenski, who may be of Jewish origin, and Tchaikov- 
ski) ; S.R. (Left Wing), 12 members, of whom 10 are Jews and 
2 are Russians ; Committee of the Anarchists of Moscow, 5 mem- 
bers, of whom 4 are Jews and one is a Russian; Polish Com- 
munist Party, 12 members, all Jews, including Sobelson (Radek), 
Krokhenal (Zagonski) and Schwartz (Goltz). 

"These parties, in appearance opposed to the Bolsheviks, play 
the Bolsheviks' game on the sly, more or less, by preventing the 
Russians from pulling themselves together. Out of 61 individuals 
at the head of these parties, there are 6 Russians and 55 Jews. 
No matter what may be the name adopted, a revolutionary gov- 
ernment will be Jewish. 

The Council of the People's Commissars comprises the fol- 
lowing : — 

Ministry or Commissariat Name Nationality 

President Oulianof (Lenine) Russian 

Foreign Affairs Tchitcherine Russian 

Nationalities Djougachvili Georgian 

Agriculture Protian Armenian 

Economic Council Lourie (Larine) Jew 

Food-Controller Schlichter Jew 

Army and Navy Bronstein (Trotski) Jew 

State-Control Lander Jew 

State Lands Kauffmann Jew 

Works V. Schmidt Jew 

Social Relief E. Lilina (Knigissen) Jewess 

7 



Ministry or Commissariat Name Nationality 

Public Instruction Lounatcharsky Russian 

Religions Spitzberg Jew 

Interior Apf elbaum (Zinovief ) . . . Jew 

Hygiene Anvelt Jew 

Finance Isidore Goukovski Jew 

Press Volodarski Jew 

Elections Ouritski Jew 

Justice I. Steinberg Jew 

Refugees Fenigstein Jew 

Refugees (Assistant) Savitch Jew 

Refugees " Zaslovski ... Jew 

Out of 22 members, 3 Russians, 1 Georgian, 1 Armenian, 17 
Jews. 

The following is the list of members of the Central Executive 
Committee: 

Name Nationality 

Sverdlof (President) Jew 

Avanessof (Secretary) Armenian 

Bruno Lett 

Breslau Lett 

Babtchinski : . . . . Jew 

Boukharine Russian 

Weinberg Jew 

Gailiss Jew 

Ganzburg Jew 

Danichevski Jew 

Starck German 

Sachs Jew 

Scheinmann Jew 

Erdling Jew 

Landauer Jew 

8 



Name Nationality 

Linder Jew 

Wolach Czech. 

Dimanstein Jew 

Encukidze Georgian 

Ermann Jew 

Joffe Jew 

Karkhline Jew 

Knigissen Jew 

Rosenf eldt (Kamenef ) Jew 

Apfelbaum (Zinovief) Jew 

Krylenko Russian 

Krassikof , Jew 

Kaprik . Jew 

Kaoul Lett 

Oulianof (Lenine) Russian 

Latsis Jew 

Lander Jew 

Lounatcharski Russian 

Peterson Lett 

Peters Lett 

Roudzoutas Jew 

Rosine Jew 

Smidovitch Jew 

Stoutchka Lett 

Nakhamkes (Steklof) Jew 

Sosnovski Jew 

Skrytnik Jew 

Bronstein (Trotski) Jew 

Teodorovitch Jew 

Terian Armenian 

Ouritski Jew 

Telechkine Russian 

Feldmann J ew 



Name Nationality 

Froumkine Jew 

Souriupa Ukrainian 

Tchavtchevadze Georgian 

Scheikmann Jew 

Rosental Jew 

Achkinazi Imeretian 

Karakhane Karaim 

Rose Jew 

Sobelson (Radek) Jew 

Schlichter Jew 

Schikolini Jew 

Chklianski Jew 

Levine (Pravdine) Jew 

Accordingly out of 61 members, 5 are Russians, 6 are Letts, 

1 is a German, 2 are Armenians, 1 is a Czech, 1 is an Imeretian, 

2 are Georgians, 1 is a Karaim, 1 is a Ukrainian, and 41 are Jews. 

The following is the list of the members of the Extraordinary 
Commission of Moscow: — 

Name Nationality 

Dzerjinski (President) Pole 

Peters (Vice-President) Lett 

Chldovski Jew 

Kheifiss Jew 

Zeistine Jew 

Razmirovitch Jew 

Kronberg Jew 

Khaikina Jewess 

Karlson Lett 

Schaumann Lett 

Leontovitch Jew 

Jacob Goldine Jew 

10 



Name Nationality 

Galperstein Jew 

Kniggisen Jew 

Latzis Lett 

Schillenkuss Jew 

Janson Lett 

Rivkine Jew 

Antonof Russian 

Delaf abre Jew 

Tsitkine Jew 

Roskirovitch Jew 

G. Sverdlof Jew 1 

Biesenski Jew 

Blioumkine Jew 2 

Alexandrovitch Russian 3 

I. Model Jew 

Routenberg Jew 

Pines Jew 

Sachs „ Jew 

Daybol Lett 

Saissoune Armenian 

Deylkenen Lett 

Liebert Jew 

Vogel German 

Zakiss Lett 

In all, 36 members of whom 1 is a Pole, 1 a German, 1 an 
Armenian, 2 are Russians, 8 are Letts, and 23 are Jews. 

"Accordingly there is no reason for being surprised at the pre- 
ponderating role of the Jews in the assassination of the Imperial 
Family. It is rather the opposite which would have been sur- 
prising." 

1 Brother of President of Central Executive Committee. 

2 Count Mirbach's assassin. 
8 Blioumkine's accomplice. 

11 



According to the erudite Russian writer, Petrovski, in La Russie 
sous les Juifs, p. 79, "Nicholas II, the Imperial Family and the 
faithful members of his suite, were shot by the Jew, Yourowsky, 
assisted by the Jews, Golostchokine and Voikoff, in obedience to 
the order sent from Moscow by the Jew, Sverdloff, and with the 
approval of the Council of the People's Commissars." We have 
seen the composition of the Council. 

Pope Pins XI and the Preparation of the Russian Revolution 

Pope Pius XI wrote as follows in the Encyclical Letter, Divini 
Redemptoris: "For them (the peoples of the Soviet Union) We 
cherish the warmest paternal affection. We are well aware that 
not a few of them groan beneath the yoke imposed on them 
by men who in very large part are strangers to the real interests 
of the country. We recognise that many others were deceived by 
fallacious hopes. We blame only the system with its authors and 
abettors who considered Russia the best field for experimenting 
with a plan elaborated years ago, and who from there continue to 
spread it from one end of the world to the other." In this pam- 
phlet, I have outlined some of the historical evidence which goes 
to prove that those "strangers to the real interests of Russia/' who 
are experimenting with this Marxian plan elaborated years ago, 
are members of the Jewish nation, and that Communism is the 
latest and, up to the present, the most decadent materialistic 
phase of the opposition of that nation to the Supernatural Messias. 

Some Points of Detail 

Since the first publication of this pamphlet, doubts have been 
expressed about the accuracy of some details contained therein, 
especially about the language in Lenin's home and about the Jew- 
ish nationality of Madame Kollontai, PiatakofF and Karakhain. I 
have dealt with the question of Lenin's nationality at some length 
in this edition, on pages 25 to 27, without, however, pretending to 
be able to settle the question definitely. Madame Kollontai is 
spoken of as a Jewess and PiatakofF and Karakhain are gjyen as 
Jews in the document quoted from the "Defender" of Kansas 
for the period 1935-1936. I have since discovered that this list 
is probably taken from a pamphlet in French, Les Juifs en 
U.R.S.S., published by Les Nouvelles Editions Nationales of 
Paris. The lists of names in the French pamphlet are quoted 

12 



from another pamphlet in Russian with the same title and they 
,are preceded by an introduction from the pen of a former secre- 
tary of a Communist "cell." In spite of these guarantees of special 
knowledge, it is almost certain that Madame Kollontai is not a 
Jewess but a Russian. There was a Russian revolutionary named 
Piatakoff, but I have not been able to discover if he is identical 
with the Piatakoff mentioned as a Jew in the "Defender" and in 
the French pamphlet. I have been also assured that Karakhain is 
an Armenian, not a Jew. In Robert Wilton's list, quoted in the 
Foreword, there is a Karakhane who is a Karaim, which means 
that he is a member of the Jewish sect of the Karaites. That may 
account for the conflicting statements about him. 1 

The doubts raised about these points of detail only serve to 
confirm the overwhelming truth of what Robert Wilton wrote in 
The Last Days of the Romanovs: "The Jewish domination in 
Russia is supported by certain Russians . . . they (the 
Jews), having wrecked and plundered Russia by appealing to the 
ignorance of the working folk, are now using their dupes to set 
up a new tyranny worse than any the world has known." That 
tyranny is kept in existence by the same means by which it was 
set up. "In Red Dusk and the Morrow" (page 303), by Sir Paul 
Dukes, formerly Chief of the British Secret Service in Russia, we 
read that a Lithuanian asked a prominent Bolshevik how the 
regime was maintained. The answer was: "Our power is based 
on three things : first, on Jewish brains ; secondly, on Lettish and 
Chinese bayonets ; and thirdly, on the crass stupidity of the Rus- 
sian people." One must deprecate the horrible insult to the 
unfortunate Russians whose natural leaders have been murdered, 
but the statement may otherwise be taken as a fairly accurate 
summary of the situation. 

The War, September, 1939 ? 

This little book and the previous portion of this Foreword 

^^From the Encyclopaedia Britanica, vol. 18 and from the National En- 
cyclopaedia, we learn that the Karaites were a Jewish sect which came into 
existence at Bagdad about the middle of the eighth century. The founder 
of the sect was the Rabbi Anon ben David. The Karaites appear to have 
been influential in the earlier period of their history, but at the present day, 
the sect is small and insignificant. Its members are chiefly to be found in 
Southern Russia, Poland, Turkey, Egypt and Palestine. 

13 



had been written before war began between England, France, 
Poland on the one side, and Germany on the other. For years, 
anyone accustomed to Judaeo-Masonic methods could easily see 
that the "democracies" of England, France and the United States 
were being urged on to war against "Fascism.'" That was and is 
quite clear and certain. On the other hand, the world-programme 
of the Rulers of Russia involves the unceasing effort to get the 
capitalist countries into armed conflict. A statement made by 
Stalin, at a session of the Third International or Comintern in 
Moscow, in May, 1938, makes this manifest. "The revival of 
revolutionary action on any scale sufficiently vast" said the Mus- 
covite figure-head, "wUl not be possible unless we succeed in 
utilising the existing disagreements between the capitalistic coun- 
tries, so as to precipitate them against each other into armed 
conflict The doctrine of Marx-Engels-Lenin teaches us that aU 
war truly generalised should terminate automatically by revolution. 
The essential work of our party comrades in foreign countries 
consists, then, in facilitating the provocation of such a conflict. 
Those who do not comprehend this know nothing of revolutionary 
Marxism. I hope that you will remind the comrades, those of you 
who direct the work. The decisive hour will arrive" 1 When the 
"democracies" had been sufficiently keyed up by all the means at 
the disposal of financial forces, a non-aggression pact signed by 
Stalin gave Germany hope of sufficient supplies to be able to with- 
stand the blockade. Stalin had thus done his part to promote 
conflict, and can now watch the growth of exhaustion in the differ- 
ent countries, while awaiting the decisive hour for world-revolu- 
tion. The attack on the Mass may even be begun by a repetition 
of the dismemberment of Poland. Long ago, Frederick the Great 
of Prussia invited Russia and Austria to a "mystic communion 
in the body of Poland'* saying that it might not be for the good 
of their souls but that it would be for the good of their States. 
History repeats itself. 

There are rumors of an anti- Jewish drive in Moscow. Some 
even go so far as to say that the death or deportation or imprison- 



i Quoted in The Patriot, May 25th, 1939. The Pravda of 7th November, 
1938, contains a statement issued by Dimitrov, General Secretary of the 
Komintern, in which he says amongst other things: "We must prevent a 
criminal understanding between the Fascist aggressors and the British and 
French imperialist clique." 

14 



ment by Stalin of many of the Jews who, since the Bolshevik 
Revolution of October, 1917, have controlled the world activity 
of Moscow, is indicative of a Russian national anti-Semitic 
reaction. This reasoning is very superficial. In spite of the 
"purges," Jewish enthusiasm for Communism as seen, for 
example, in regard to Spain, has not diminished in the least, nor 
has there been that slacking off in the activity of Communist 
agents which inevitably follows quarrels in the central authority. 
In passing, it is worth recalling that many of those "liquidated" 
Jews were originally introduced into Russia by Jewish financiers 
acting in collaboration with the German Government. 1 So far as 
one can see at present, there may be some superficial reactions in 
Russia as a result of the German-Soviet Pact, but the funda- 
mental orientation of Russia has not varied. The programme of 
World-Revolution as outlined by Stalin in 1938 still holds. If 
Jewish propaganda for Communism lessens in volume and 
intensity, not merely in passing but in permanent fashion, and if 
the activity of Communist agents grows less, then we may look 
for the existence of some kind of national reaction in Russia. If 
not, then all that will have happened is that some of the figure- 
heads will have changed, while the secret controlling authority 
remains the same. 2 In the early days of the Bolshevik Revolution 
of 1917, there was resistance to the new orientation, on the part 
of some Jews in Russia, but it quickly died away. In this con- 
nection, it is interesting to note the announcement that the Jew, 
Karl Radek (Sobelsohn), though under guard since the Zinovieff 
trial, has been named head of the Soviet Russian Atheist party. 
He is one of the ablest of the older revolutionaries. 

The reasoning outlined in the last paragraph is confirmed by 
the perusal of a remarkable book, excellently documented, entitled 
"The Russian Face of Germany," which appeared in 1932 from 
the pen of Mr. Cecil F. Melville. Mr. Melville gives in detail 
the history of the collaboration between the German Army authori- 
ties and Soviet Russia. I will quote some extracts and allow them 
to speak for themselves. "The story I shall unfold in these pages 
is the story of Germany's two faces, the one turned towards West- 

1 Cf . The Mystical Body of Christ in the Modern World, pp. 89-93. 

2 It is curious to find Die Zeit, a Yiddish daily of London, in substantial 
agreement with this, in its issue of 17 Sept., 1939. Cf. The Patriot, 19 Oct., 
1939. 

15 



ern Europe, the other turned towards Soviet Russia. ... It can 
be said, without any exaggeration, that from 1921 till the present 
day Russia has been able, thanks to Germany, to equip herself 
with all kinds of arms, munitions, and the most up-to-date war 
material for an army of several millions ; and that, thanks to her 
factories manufacturing war material in Russia, Germany has 
been able to assure herself not only of secret supplies of war 
material and the training of officers and other ranks in the use 
of this material, but also, in the event of war, the possession of 
the best stocked arsenals in Russia. . . . The firm of Krupp's of 
Essen — Krupp the German Canon-King (Kanonenkoenig) — de- 
serves a chapter to itself in this review of German war-industries 
in Russia. 'It deserves a separate chapter . . . because its activity 
upon Soviet territory has grown to tremendous proportions. . . . 
The final consolidation of the dominating position Krupp's occupy 
in Russia, was the formation of a separate company 'ManycV 
to which the Soviet Government granted a liberal concession. . . . 
Negotiations concerning these concessions for the company were 
conducted in Moscow, for several months. . . . Gradually there 
was formed in Russia a chain of experimental training camps, 
and artillery parks (ostensibly eliminated by the Treaty of Ver- 
sailles). These are under the management of German officers, 
and they are invariably teeming with Germans either arriving 
to undergo a course of training, or leaving after the completion 
of the course. ... At the time of writing (1932) interest is grow- 
ing in the rising star of Herr Adolf Hitler, the Nazi Leader. 
Herr Hitler is regarded as the protagonist par excellence of the 
Right against the Left in Germany, and, as a Hitlerist regime is 
anticipated before long, it may perhaps be argued that the DHtte 
Reich of the Nazis, the sworn enemies of Communism, would 
not tolerate the Reichswehr-Red Army connection. Such a con- 
clusion would be inaccurate to the last degree. . . . Stalin, the 
realist, would have no qualms in collaborating with a Hitlerist 
Germany. But more important than this are the following facts : — 
The Reichswehr Chiefs and their political allies amongst the 
civilian politicians and officials have succeeded in nursing their 
Eastern orientation, their underground military collaboration with 
the Soviets, in spite of all the changes of political regime in Ger- 
many since the end of the war. It has made little or no difference 
to them whether the Reich Government has been composed of 
men of the Right, the Centre, or the Left. They have just con- 

16 



tinued their policy uninfluenced by political change. There is no 
reason to suppose that they would change their course under a 
Hitlerist regime, especially when it is remembered that most oij 
the aims, in external policy, of the Nazi leaders, are identical 
with those of the Nationalists and the military leaders themselves. 
Furthermore, there are the great German industrialists, of Nation- 
alist colour, who are amongst the principal collaborators, on the 
war material side, with the Reichswehr Chiefs, and who are, there- 
fore, hand in glove with the directors of the "Abmachungen" 
(Agreements) plot. Many of these great industrialists are con- 
tributors on a big scale to the Nazi party funds. A Hitlerist Ger- 
many would, therefore, have no qualms in continuing the collab- 
oration with Soviet Russia. . . . The Reichswehr chiefs who are 
conducting the Abmachungen delude themselves that they can use 
Bolshevist Russia to help them in their hoped-for war of revenge 
against Europe, and then, in the hour of victory, hold the Bolshe- 
vists at bay, and keep them in their place. The more subtle psy- 
chologists at the Kremlin, of course, know better, but are wise 
enough to keep their knowledge to themselves. The fact, however, 
that this German-Russian plot will in the end, bring about the 
destruction of Germany, will not in any way reconcile Europe to 
its own destruction at the hands of Germany and Russia together." 1 

In spite, then, of Russia's design to bring about world-revolu- 
tion, Prussia wants to make use of Russia to secure "the place 
in the sun" to which she thinks she is entitled. As far back as 
1931, General von Seckt, the creator of the new German Army, 
the Reichswehr, set out the Prussian programme in a speech 
delivered on January 24th, 1931, before the Economic Society of 
Minister, in Westphalia. He said: "The goal of Russia is in the 
first instance a world-revolution. The nucleus of opposition to 
such plans is to be found in the capitalist powers, England and 
France in the first instance, with America close behind them. 
There follows a certain community of interests (of Russia) with 
Germany, which is being threatened by the demands of these 
powers. The most profound animosity of Russia is directed 
against Poland, the ally of the world Powers and Russia's immedi- 
ate neighbour. Herein lies the point of Russia's closest rapproche- 
ment with Germany. . . . The fact that the Western Powers, by 

i op. at., pp. 4, 102, 114, 117, 120, 173, 174, 6. 

17 



helping Russia, expose themselves to a great danger is too obvious 
to require further proofs. ... As far as we are concerned, this 
danger exists considerably nearer, but nevertheless our position 
between France and Poland compels us to try to remain in con- 
stant touch and in close understanding with Russia in order not 
to fall into complete dependence upon the Western countries. 
This position will remain compulsory for us no matter whether 
the present regime in Russia continues or not." 1 With regard 
to Poland, General von Seckt added that any understanding be- 
tween Germany and Poland was out of the question. He held 
that German hopes for the future were intimately bound up with 
her relations with Russia, but that Germany should ruthlessly 
repulse any attempt at penetration on the part of Bolshevism. It 
is quite clear now that the Prussians in 1939, as in 1932 and 
before it, are to be reckoned amongst those who think, as Mr. 
Melville puts it, that they can play with the devil and win. 

Russia's aims, or rather the aims of those who control Russia, 
have not changed. Trotsky, on the one hand, wanted world-revo- 
lution as the only secure bulwark for a strong Communist State 
in Russia. Stalin, on the other hand, wanted a strong Soviet 
Russian State as the only secure foundation for world-revolution. 
Stalin's point of view has been accepted by the controlling powers, 
and we have been allowed by the Russian Board of Censors, 
whose non-Russian nationality was certified to us by Mr. Douglas 
Reed in 1935, to peruse what they thought fit about the very elab- 
orate elimination of the elements imbued with the Trotskyist 
ideals. Both Stalin and Trotsky, however, were and are instru- 
ments of those for whom Communism is a means. We must there- 
fore bear well in mind that "the new Bolshevist orthodoxy of 
Stalin is probably more dangerous to Europe in the long run 
than the more spectacular methods of Trotsky and the more vocal 
methods of Zinoviev in the heyday of the Third International. 
I say more dangerous . . . and more formidable, because a more 
practical conception than the old Trotskyist idea. ... It is just 
the growth of this Stalinist conception which has made possible 
the continuance on an ever-increasing scale, of the secret rela- 
tionship between 'Red* Russia and 'White' Germany." 2 

1 Melville: The Russian Face of Germany, pp. 158, 159. 

* The Russian Face of Germany, by C F. Melville, pp. 169, 170. 

18 



Molotov's speech on the Russo-German Pact, at the beginning 
of September, 1939, has served as a partial foundation for the 
rumours of a "Russian" national reaction. Molotov, the Soviet 
Minister for Foreign Affairs, is reported to have said, when 
speaking of the Russo-German Pact before the Soviet Supreme 
Council: "People ask how the Soviet Union could consent to 
improve political relations with a state of the Fascist type (such 
as Germanv) ; . . . but they forget that we hold the position of 
not interfering in the internal affairs of other countries . . ." Some 
have concluded from this that Hitler has induced the Russian 
Government to renounce Jewish International Communism and 
restrict its Socialistic ideology to Russia. They forget, however, 
that Molotov is surely a loyal follower of Marx and Lenin, He 
doubtlessly follows Lenin's instructions. "We deny all morality 
in the bourgeois sense," wrote Lenin, "for according to the bour- 
geois, morality has its origin in the Commandments of God . . . 
our morality, on die contrary, is entirely subordinate to the inter- 
ests of the proletariat." Accordingly, a lie is not a lie when it 
serves the interests of the proletariat. Lenin admitted that he 
had accepted German money to make the Bolshevik Revolution, 
but he added : "I will make the same revolution in Germany with 
Russian money." Has Lenin's programme been scrapped? Again, 
if the Soviet has given up interfering in the internal affairs of 
other countries, why has Lozovsky, a Jew whose real name is 
Solomon Abramovitch Dridzo, been named permanent head of 
the Soviet Foreign Office and principal adviser to Molotov? 
According to The Tablet of July 15th, 1939, Lozovsky, is, par 
excellence, the Apostle of Revolution through war. "liie truth 
then is," concludes the leader-writer in The Tablet just quoted, 
"that the Russian Comintern is still confessedly engaged in 
endeavouring to foment war in order to facilitate revolution, and 
that one of its chief organisers, Lozovsky, has been installed as 
principal adviser to Molotov. ... A few months ago he wrote in 
the French publication, La Vie Ouvrie're, .... that his chief aim 
in life is the overthrow of the existing order in the grea 1 
Democracies." 

Anyone who had read Mr. Melville's able study was not aston- 
ished at the ease with which the German Nazis did business with 
the Jewish officials of the Soviet. The tradition had long been 
forming. No wonder the German Bishops felt compelled to say 
in a Joint Pastoral Letter of 1935, that even the most anti-Bolshe- 

19 



vist circles, in spite of their protestations, were being infected 
with a spiritual Communism. 

In his Letter of 2nd February, 1930, On the Soviet Campaign 
against God, Pope Pius XI wrote as follows "We were also at 
pains to ask the Governments represented at the Conference of 
Genoa, to make, by common agreement, a declaration which might 
have saved Russia and all the world from many woes, demanding 
as a condition preliminary to any recognition of the Soviet Gov- 
ernment, respect for conscience, freedom of worship and of church 
property. Alas, these three points, so essential above all to those 
ecclesiastical hierarchies unhappily separated from Catholic unity, 
were abandoned in favour of temporal interests, which in fact 
would have been better safeguarded, if the different Governments 
had first of all considered the rights of God, His Kingdom and 
His Justice." The Governments of Europe refused concerted 
action for the rights of God. Now that war has broken out in 
Europe, Russia will make every effort to pursue her campaign 
against God. 

In the splendid Encyclical Letter On the Condition of the 
Church in Germany (March 14th, 1937), Pope Pius XI said that 
"the first and obvious duty the priest owes to the world about 
him is service to the truth, the whole truth, the unmasking and 
refutation of error in whatever form or disguise it conceals itself." 
During the terrible conflict that is now raging in Europe, one of 
the greatest services that can be rendered to the cause of truth 
is to warn the world of the ulterior revolutionary designs of the 
Rulers of Russia. They aim everywhere, as in Spain, at the elim- 
ination of the love of Our Lord. Their efforts in Spain have 
terminated in a glorious victory for Christ, and to-day, the Feast 
of the Exaltation of the Holy Cross, the Crucifix is being solemnly 
reinstated in the schools of Madrid and of the provinces, from 
which it had been banished. "Spain's victory has mainly been a 
victory of the Cross, and our war was fought as a crusade against 
the enemies of truth." So runs the decree of the Spanish Minister 
of Education ordaining this act of reparation. May the example 
of Spanish Catholicism nerve Catholics for the coming struggle 
everywhere ! There are ominous signs of preparations, on the part 
of International Financiers, under cover of the war, for a nat- 
uralistic organisation of the United States of Europe and of the 
World. It will be a new and revised edition of that Judaeo- 

20 



Masonic creation, the League of Nations. The Bank for Inter- 
national Settlements will develop its powers still further. 

Denis Fahey, C.S.Sp. 

Feast of the Exaltation of the Holy Cross, 
Hth September, 1939. 

Postscript. 

Just when correcting the final proofs of this book, The Patriot 
(London) of 9th November, 1939, came to hand. It contains the 
following: "There is, however, no real evidence that the Soviet 
Government has changed its policy of communism under control 
of the Bolsheviks, or has loosened its control of communism in 
other countries, or has ceased to be under Jew control. Unwanted 
tools certainly have been 'liquidated' in Russia by Stalin in his 
determination to be the supreme head, and it is not unnatural that 
some Jews, when all the leading positions were held by them, have 
suffered in the process of rival elimination. Outside Russia, 
events in Poland show how the Comintern still works. The Polish 
Ukraine has been communised under Jewish commissars, with 
property owners either shot or marched into Russia as slaves, 
with all estates confiscated and all business and property taken 
over by the State. It has been said in the American Jewish Press 
that the Bolshevik advance into the Ukraine was to save the Jews 
there from meeting the fate of their co-religionists in Germany, 
but this same Press is silent as to the fate meted out to the Chris- 
tian Poles. In less than a month, in any case, the lie has been 
given to Molotoff's non-interference statement. Should interna- 
tional communism ever complete its plan of bringing civilisation 
to nought, it is conceivable that some form of world government 
in the hands of a few men could emerge, which would not be 
communism. It would be the domination of barbarous tyrants 
over a world of slaves, and communism would have been used as 
the means to an end." 



21 



THE RULERS OF RUSSIA 

In this pamphlet I present to my readers a number of serious 
documents which go to show that the real forces behind Bolshe- 
vism in Russia are Jewish forces, and that Bolshevism is really 
an instrument in the hands of the Jews for the establishment of 
their future Messianic kingdom. Since Bolshevism, on its own 
confession, does not intend to remain within the narrow limits 
of any one country, but ambitions a world-wide influence or 
empire, the importance of this documentation is manifest. It is 
certain that many Catholics are ignorant of these facts and of 
their implications. When one realises that Communism is an 
instrument intended to prepare for the coming of the natural 
Messias, one can understand the intensity of the hatred of Com- 
munists against the Mass and against priests, as well as the 
malignity of the propaganda in every country against the religious 
orders of the Catholic Church. It is more than probable that many 
professing Communists, even some amongst the paid orators and 
agents of Communism, are unaware of the final goal of their 
employers and trainers. The attention of these dupes should be 
drawn to the facts and they should be asked for full explanations. 

While stressing the inescapable nature of the conclusions to 
be drawn from the documents quoted below, I desire at the outset 
to emphasise the fact that the methods to be adopted by Catholics 
to frustrate the preparations for the kingdom of the natural 
Messias should always and everywhere be in accordance with the 
teachings and spirit of the supernatural Messias, Our Lord Jesus 
Christ. 

Mr. Hilaire Belloc writes (G. K.'s Weekly, February 4th, 
1937) : "As for anyone who does not know that the present revo- 
lutionary Bolshevist movement is Jewish in Russia, I can only 
say that he must be a man who is taken in by the suppressions of 
our deplorable Press." This is a strong statement. What is the 
evidence to support it? 

22 



(1) The Rulers of Russia in 1917-1918 

In the book, The Mystical Body of Christ in the Modern World, 
two documents are quoted in proof of the fact that the Jews were 
the real rulers of Russia after the Bolshevik revolution. 

The first document, quoted on p. 88, is the report forwarded 
to London by Mr. Oudendyke, the representative of the Nether- 
lands Government at St. Petersburg, when the Bolshevists began 
their reign of terror. Mr. Balfour received the report via Chris- 
tiania on the 18th September, 1918. It was published as a British 
White Paper in April, 1919, and was entitled: "Russia, No. 1 
(1919), A Collection of Reports on Bolshevism in Russia." The 
kernel of the Paper is contained in the following extract from 
Mr. Oudendyke's Report: "The danger is now so great that I 
feel it my duty to call the attention of the British and all other 
Governments to the fact that, if an end is not put to Bolshevism 
at once, the civilisation of the whole world will be threatened. 
This is not an exaggeration, but a sober matter of fact. ... I 
consider that the immediate suppression of Bolshevism is the 
greatest issue now before the world, not even excluding the war 
which is still raging, and unless, as above stated, Bolshevism is 
nipped in the bud immediately, it is bound to spread in one form or 
another over Europe and the whole world, as it is organised and 
worked by Jews who have no nationality and whose one object 
is to destroy for their own ends the existing order of things. The 
only manner in which this danger can be averted would be col- 
lective action on the part of all the Powers." 

The Foreword to the White Paper stated that it was issued in 
accordance with a decision of the English War Cabinet in Janu- 
ary (1919). The subsequent history of this White Paper is extra- 
ordinary. It speedily disappeared from circulation and became 
unobtainable. Then an abridged edition was issued, with the same 
title, at 6d. instead of 9d. From the abridged edition the passage 
we have quoted and some more had been eliminated. It has never 
been possible to ascertain how the original document was sup- 
pressed. 

The second document, treating of the financing of the Russian 
Revolution by the Jewish Bank of Kuhn, Loeb and Company, is 
the one drawn up by the American Intelligence Service and trans- 

23 



mitted by the French High Commissioner to his government. 
This document is quoted at length on pp. 88-91 of The Mystical 
Body of Christ in the Modern World. It was published by the 
Documentation Catholique of Paris on 6th March, 1920, and was 
preceded by the following remarks : "The authenticity of this doc- 
ument is guaranteed to us. With regard to the exactness of the 
information it contains, the American State Department must 
assume responsibility." This document was quoted in 1920 in a 
supplement to the paper La VieUle France which added: "All 
the governments of the Entente were aware of this memorandum, 
drawn from the data of the American Intelligence Service and 
sent at the time to the French High Commissioner and his 
colleagues." 

In addition to the information about the Jewish Banking Houses 
which financed the Russian Revolution, the document also gives 
the long list of Jews who took over the direction of the Russian 
people m 1917. Lenin is given as a Russian, but all the other 
twenty-four given on the list — Trotsky, Zinovieff, Kameneff, 
Parvus, etc. — are stated to be Jews. 



Assumed Name 


Real Name 




Nationality 


Lenin . . . . Oulianow (Ulianoff ) 


. . Russian 


Trotsky (Trotzky) . . Bronstein 


. . 


. . Jewish 


Steckloff 


. Nakhames 


4 , 


. . Jewish 


Martoff 




. Zederbaum 


. a 


. . Jewish 


Zinovieff 




. Apfelbaum 


. t 


. . Jewish 


Kameneff 




. Rosenfeld 


„ , 


. . Jewish 


Dan 




. Gourevitch (Yurewitsch) Jewish 


Ganetzky 




. FURSTENBERG 




Jewish 


Parvus 




. Helpfand 


. # 


. . Jewish 


Uritzky 




. . Padomilsky 


a a 


. . Jewish 


Larin . . 




. . LURGE 


a . 


. . Jewish 


BOHRIN 




. Nathansohn 


, a 


. . Jewish 


Martinoff 




. . ZlBAR 


a a 


. . Jewish 


BOGDANOFF 




. Zilberstein 


a . 


. . Jewish 


Garin . . 




. Garfeld . . 


.. 


. . Jewish 



24 



Assumed Name 


Real Name 


National 


SUCHANOFF 


. . GlMEL 


. Jewish 


Kamnelff 


. . GOLDMANN 


. Jewish 


Sagersky 


. . Krochmann 


. . Jewish 


Riazanoff 


. . GOLDENBACH 


. . Jewish 


SOLUTEZEFF 


. . Bleichmann 


, Jewish 


PlATNITZKY 


. . ZlWIN 


. . Jewish 


AXELROD 


. . Orthodox 


. Jewish 


Glasnuoff 


. . Schultze 


. Jewish 


ZURIESAIN 


. . WEIN STEIN 


. Jewish 


Lapinsky 


. . LOEWENSOHN 


. Jewish 



Since The Mystical Body of Christ in the Modern World was 
published I have had the opportunity of reading that very inter- 
esting work, entitled All These Things, by A. N. Field. In Appen- 
dix B he quotes from Volume III of United States Senate Docu- 
ment No. 62, 66th Congress, First Session, some extracts from 
the evidence of Rev. George A. Simons, Superintendent of the 
Methodist Episcopal Church in Petrograd from 1907 to October 
6th, 1918, before a Committee of the United States Senate on 
February 12th, 1919. The Rev. Mr. Simons stated with regard 
to the Bolshevik Government in Petrograd: "In December, 1918 
. . . under the presidency of a man known as Apfelbaum (Zino- 
vieff) . . . out of 388 members, only 16 happened to be real Rus- 
sians, and all the rest Jews, with the exception of one man who 
is a negro from Norm America . . . and 265 of these Jews 
belonging to this Northern Commune government that is sitting 
in the old Smolny Institute come from the Lower East Side of 
New York— 265 of them". 

Mr. Field remarked in Appendix B of his book, All These 
Things: "Lenin was married to a Jewess, spoke Yiddish in his 
family circle, and Dr. Chaim Weizmann, Jewish Zionist leader, 
was quoted in the London Jewish Chronicle of December 16th, 
1932, as saying that Lenin had taken part in Jewish student meet- 
ings in Switzerland thirty-five years before. He is generally 
regarded as a Russian, but there is doubt." 

25 



In her book, From Liberty to Brest-Litovsk (Macmillan, 1919), 
the Russian lady, Ariadna Tyrkova- Williams, widow of the late 
Dr. Harold Williams, for long Manchester Guardian correspond- 
ent in Russia, describes the events of the first year of the Russian 
Revolution. Mrs. Williams was a member of the last Duma and 
speaks with the authority of an eye-witness and close observer. 
On pages 297-299 of her work we read : "There are few Russians 
among the Bolshevist wire-pullers, i.e., few men imbued with the 
all-Russian culture and interests of the Russian people. None of 
them have in any way been prominent in any stage of former 
Russian life. . . . Besides obvious foreigners, Bolshevism recruited 
many adherents from among emigres, who had spent many years 
abroad. Some of them had never been to Russia before. They 
especially numbered a great many Jews. They spoke Russian 
badly. The nation over which they had seized power was a stranger 
to them, and besides, they behaved as invaders in a conquered 
country. Throughout the Revolution generally and Bolshevism in 
particular, the Jews occupied a very influential position. This 
phenomenon is both curious and complex. But the fact remains 
that such was the case in the primarily elected Soviet (the famous 
trio — Lieber, Dahn, Gotz), and all the more so in the second one. 



"In the Soviet Republic all the committees and commissaries 
were filled with Jews. They often changed their Jewish names 
for a Russian one — Trotsky-Bronstein, Kameneff-Rozenfeld, 
Zinovieff-Apfelbaum, SteklofF-Nakhamkes, and so on. But such 
a masquerade deceived no one, while the very pseudonyms of the 
commissaries only emphasised the international or rather the alien 
character of Bolshevist rule. . . . But, of course, there were 
also Russians among the Bolsheviks — workmen, soldiers, peasants. 
Oulianoff-Lenin is a Russian, Lunacharsky, Bonch-Bruevich, 
Mme. Collontai, Chicherin — all these influential Bolshevist leaders 
are Russian by origin. But that predominant class which very 
rapidly crystallised around the Bolsheviks was mainly composed 
of individuals alien to the Russian people. This fact is probably 
useful to them to keep control over the masses, for Bolshevist 
autocracy is founded upon their absolute contempt of the people 
whom they rule. The most terrible trait of Bolshevism is its utter 
unscrupulousness as to ways and means, and the blunt cruelty 
of its leaders." 

26 



Shortly after the second edition of this pamphlet appeared, a 
close student of the Russian Revolution wrote to me to say that 
he could find no confirmation of the statement that Lenin spoke 
Yiddish in his family circle. A Russian lady also wrote to a 
friend of mine that "Lenin's wife, M. K. Krupskaya, is a Russian 
and, even if she were a Jewess, which she is not, at home she 
would speak Russian." I here beg to set out what I have since 
been able to discover about this question. For some of the writers 
I have quoted about the predominance of the Jews, namely, the 
Russian lady, Mrs. Williams, and the English journalist, Robert 
Wilton, Lenin or Ulianoff is undoubtedly a Russian. For Mrs. 
Williams, he was purely and simply the son of a schoolmaster 
belonging to the nobility of the Simbirsk province. On the other 
hand, though the Russian historian, D. Petrovsky, on page 37 of 
his detailed history of the revolution, La Russie sous les juifs 
(Russia under the Jews) says that Lenin (Oulianoff) is one of 
a number of Russian traitors, yet, on page 86 of the same work, 
he adds in a note : "Lenin is commonly held to be a Russian, but 
the natives of Simbirsk are of a different opinion. They relate 
that a convoy of prisoners traversed Simbirsk a good many years 
ago. After the departure of the prisoners, a little boy remained 
behind and was picked up and reared by a gentleman named 
Ouilanoff. Years after, a letter came, in ill-formed characters, 
from the convict settlement, from a certain Ilko Sroul Goldman 
saying that he had learned, as a result of lengthy inquiries, where 
his son was. He asked for news of him. This Goldman was said 
to be Lenin's father. He never again wrote." Again, Victor E. 
Marsden, who was for many years the Morning Post's corre- 
spondent in Russia and who was present at the time of the Revo- 
lution of 1917, writes : " . . . Lenin is a half -blooded Jew, that 
is to say, the original Ulianov who bore the name of Lenin was 
so, but there is ground to believe that the present Lenin is per- 
sonating that man who is dead and that the actual Lenin of the 
Bolshevik business is what he looks, a full-blooded Jew." (lews 
in Russia, page 5). In the same pamphlet there is a note added 
to the lists of the names of the 447 Jews out of the 545 officials 
of the Soviet Bureaucracy. The note says that it is doubtful if 
Lenin is Russian; that he is Oulinoff by adoption but really a 
Jew, married to a Jewess and that his children speak Yiddish. 
Thus, though the consensus of opinion is in favour of Lenin's 
Russian nationality, there is a certain element of doubt. 

27 



The lists, in the pamphlet, Jews in Russia, are drawn up from 
the Soviet Press at the time of the first Soviet Government. The 
lists of names and the numbers of the different nationalities are 
in practical agreement with those given by Robert Wilton, except 
in the case of the Central Executive Committee. On this Commit- 
tee Wilton reckons 41 Jews, whereas the Marsden pamphlet gives 
the number of Jews as 43. 

(2) The Rulers of Russia in 1919-1920 

A. Homer, M.A., D.Sc, etc., wrote an article which appeared 
in the issues of The Catholic Herald of the 21st and 28th October 
and the 4th November, 1933, in reply to a challenge issued by 
Mr. L. J. Hydleman. The article was reprinted in pamphlet form 
in response to a widespread demand for this information, which 
had been collated from authoritative sources (both Jew and Gen- 
tile) to demonstrate the relation between Judaism and Bolshevism, 
and the alliance between International Finance and its protegees, 
Bolshevism and Zionism. 

Thus far we are quoting from the Foreword to the pamphlet, 
which adds that the Editor of The Catholic Herald repeatedly 
reserved space for Mr. Hydleman to reply, but that, so far as has 
been ascertained, neither Mr. Hydleman nor any other responsible 
member of the Jewish nation has ever attempted a reply. From 
the pamphlet itself we learn : 

"The Soviet movement was a Jewish, and not a Russian con- 
ception. It was forced on Russia from without, when, in 1917, 
German and German-American-Jew interests sent Lenin and his 
associates into Russia, furnished with the wherewithal to bring 
about the defection of the Russian armies. . . . 

? . . "The Movement has never been controlled by Russians. 
"(a) Of the 224 revolutionaries who, in 1917, were despatched 

to Russia with Lenin to foment the Bolshevik Revolution, 

170 were Jews. 

"(&) According to Hat Times of 29th March; 1919, 'of the 20 
or 30 commissaries or leaders who provide the central 
machinery of the Bolshevist movement, not less than 75 

28 



per cent, are Jews . . . among minor officials the num- 
ber is legion.' " 

"According to official information from Russia, in 1920, out 
of 545 members of the Bolshevist Administration, 447 were Jews. 

"The number of official appointments bestowed upon Jews is 
entirely out of proportion to their percentage in the State: 

"The population of Soviet Russia is officially given as 158,- 
400,000, the Jewish section, according to the Jewish Encyclo- 
paedia, being about 7,800,000. Yet, according to the Jewish 
Chronicle of 6th January, 1933: Over one-third of the Jews in 
Russia have become officials." 

(3) The Rulers of Russia in 1923-1924 

On pages 93 and 94 of The Mystical Body of Christ in the 
Modern World, a passage is quoted from Impressions of Soviet 
Russia, by Charles Sarolea, Belgian Consul in Edinburgh and 
Professor of French Literature in the University of Edinburgh, 
in which he says : "I am quite ready to admit that the Jewish 
leaders are only a proportionately infinitesimal fraction, even as 
the British rulers of India are an infinitesimal fraction. But it 
is none the less true that those few Jewish leaders are the masters 
of Russia, even as the fifteen hundred Anglo-Indian Civil Serv- 
ants are the masters of India. For any traveller in Russia to 
deny such a truth would be to deny the evidence of his own senses. 
When you find that out of a large number of important Foreign 
Office officials whom you have met, all but two are Jews, you are 
entitled to say that the Jews are running the Russian Foreign 
Office." 

Professor Sarolea says that he has been a constant student of 
the Russian language, of Russian literature and of Russian con- 
ditions for thirty-five years, and that he submitted his Manuscript 
before publication to some of the highest European authorities on 
things Russian and Slavonic. 

(4) The Ruler* of Russia in 1928-1929 

The erudite work of D. Petrovsky, La Russie sous les Juifs 
(Russia under the Jews), published by Baudiniere, Paris, in 1931, 

29 



treats at length of the origin of the two revolutions of 1917, and 
carries on the story of the Jewish domination of Russia to the 
years of 1928-1929. It also gives a detailed account of the growth 
of anti-Jewish feeling. 

Proofs, including a speech by Sir G. Buchanan, British Am- 
bassador, are given on pages 25 and 26 of Petrovsky's work, of 
the complicity of the English Government in the first Russian 
revolution of 1917 — the one which placed Lwoflf, Kerensky and 
Milioukoff in power. Then, on pages 34 and 35, the story of the 
revolution is completed by the account of the sending of Lenin 
and companions to Russia from Switzerland by the German Gen- 
eral Staff. It is there also asserted that it was Milioukoff, the 
Minister for Foreign Affairs in the revolutionary government, 
who procured from the English Government the release of Trotsky 
and companions, who had been put under arrest at Halifax (Nova 
Scotia) by the British naval authorities. Petrovsky thinks that 
without the connivance of Kerensky, the second or Bolshevist revo- 
lution of 1917 would not have been possible. Germany and Eng- 
land were at war, but both were induced to help to install Jewish 
power in Russia. The German general, Ludendorff, in his Me- 
moirs, admits the responsibility of his government for Lenin's 
return to Russia, i 

In All These Things, pp. 62-63, A. N. Field points out the 
responsibility of the English in regard to the death of the Russian 
Imperial family. He quotes statements by Kerensky and by Miss 
Muriel Buchanan, daughter of the British Ambassador to Russia, 
Sir George Buchanan. The Tsar and the Imperial family were 
murdered by the order of the Jew, Sverdloff. 

The Figaro of Paris in April, 1932, gave an outline of the 
career of Mr. Otto Kahn, partner in the Jewish International 
Bankinghouse of Kuhn, Loeb & Company, which, as we have 
seen, according to the American Official Intelligence Service, 
financed the Bolshevik Revolution of 1917. Otto Kahn's fellow 



*Cf. Letter of J. M. Dell to Mr. Lloyd George cited by the Russian 
Commissar in the pamphlet Trotsky (Defender Publishers, Wichita, Kansas). 
Milioukoff also got Litvinoff liberated by England. He had been arrested 
as a German spy. 

30 



partners were Jacob Schiff, Paul and Felix Warburg. According 
to the Figaro, Mr. Kahn on first going to America was a clerk in 
the firm of Speyer and Company, and married a grand-daughter 
of Mr. Wolf, one of the founders of Kuhn, Loeb & Company. 
The Parisian paper added that in June, 1931, Mrs. Otto Kahn 
paid a visit to Russia, where: "She was officially received by the 
Soviet Government, which gave in her honour a grand diplomatic 
dinner and several brilliant receptions. The ceremonial displayed 
exceeded in pomp and solemnity the journey of Amannullah when 
King of Afghanistan. The Red army lined the roads at the pres- 
ent arms. ... It was the least that the heads of the 'Proletarian 
Dictatorship* could do in order to honour the wife of one of their 
sovereigns." 

On the same pages, 56 and 57, of All These Things, by A. N. 
Field, from which the above information is taken, we also read 
that Mr. Hannen Swaffer wrote in the Daily Herald of April 2nd, 
1934, as follows: "I knew Otto Kahn, the multimillionaire, for 
many years. I knew him when he was a patriotic German. I knew 
him when he was a patriotic American. Naturally, when he wanted 
to enter the House of Commons, he joined the 'patriotic party.' " 
We read, too, that an attempt was made to secure the nomination 
of Mr. Otto Kahn as president of the English-speaking Union, 
and the manoeuvre was defeated by the timely exposure of Kahn's 
Bolshevist activities. It was proved that Kahn's house was a meet- 
ing place for Soviet agents, such as Nina Smorodin, Claire Sheri- 
dan, Louise Bryant and Margaret Harrison. 

(5) The Rulers of Russia in 1935-36 

In the able work of A. N. Field, from which I have already 
quoted, we find, on pages 276 and 277, the following remarkabfe 
statements : 

"Stalin, present ruler of Russia, is not a Jew, but took as his 
second wife the twenty-one year old sister of the Jew, L. M. 
Kagonowitz, his right-hand man, who has been spoken of as his 
probable or possible successor. Stalin's every movement is made 
under Jewish eyes." 

"Central Committee of the Communist Party, 1935." 

"According to the 'Defender' (Wichita, Kansas) for February, 

31 



1936, the Central committee of the Communist party in Moscow, 
the very centre of International Communism, consisted of 59 mem- 
bers, of whom 56 were Jews, and the other three were married to 
Jewesses. These figures are given in other journals also. 

The list is as follows : 

Non-Jews married to Jewesses (3) : L. V. Stalin, S. S. Lobow, 
V. V. Ossinsky. Jews (56) : V. V. Balitsky, K. J. Baumann, 
I ,M. Vareikis, J. B. Gamarnik, I. I. Egoff, I. A. Zelensky, I. 
D. Kabakoff, L. M. Kaganowitz, V. G. Knorin, M. M. Litvinoff, 
I. E. Liobimow, D. Z. Manouilsky, I, P. Nossow, J. L. Piatakow, 1 
I. O. Piatnitzky, M. O. Aazoumow, M. L. Ruchimovitch, K. V. 
Rindin, M. M. Houtaevitch, M. S. Tchoudow, A. M. Schvernik, 
R. I. Eiche, G. G. Iagoda, I. E. Iakir, I. A. Iakovlew, F. P. 
Griadinsky, G. N. Kaminsky, I. S. Unschlicht, A. S. Boulin, M. I. 
Kalmanowitz, D. S. Beika, Zifrinovitch, Tratchter, Bitner, G. 
Kaner, Leo Krichman, A. K. Lepa, S. A. Lozovsky, B. P. Pozern, 
T. D. Deribass, K. K. Strievsky, N. N. Popow, S. Schwartz, E. I. 
Veger, I. Z. Mechlis, A. I. Ougarow, G. I. Blagonravow, A. P. 
Rosengolz, A. P. Serebrovsky, A. M. Steingart, I. P. Pavlounov- 
sky, G. I. Sokolnikow, C. I. Broido, V. I. Polonsky, G. D. Vein- 
berg, M. M. Kaganowitz. 

The Bolshevik Commissar for Foreign Affairs is the Jew Lit- 
vinoff of the many aliases, former passer of stolen banknotes, and 
lately President of the Council of the League of Nations. A de- 
tailed list of the Staff under him, as printed in Das Berner 
Fehlurteil by Stephen Dasz, doctor of law, Budapest (U. Bodung 
Verlag, Erfurt, 1935), shows it as almost entirely Jewish, both in 
respect of the principal and minor offices. The same applies to 
the Bolshevik Diplomatic Corps abroad. The following list of 
Bolshevik Ambassadors and Ministers Plenipotentiary in different 
countries is compiled from various publications issued in 1935 and 
L936. It may not be quite up-to-date, but is nearly so : 

1 Cf. Foreword 

32 



Bolshevik Ambassadors, 1935-1936 



Country 


Ambassador or Minister 


Race 


Great Britain 


.Maisky (alias Steinman) 


Jew 


Germany 


. Suritz 


Jew 


France 


Potemkine (Staff Jewish) 


Russian 


Italy 


Stein . . 


Jew 


United States 


Troyanski 

(married to a Jewess) 


Russian 


Japan 


.Yureneff 

(alias Goffman) 


Jew 


Turkey 


. Karakhain 


Je%v* 


Belgium 


. . Roubinine 


Jew 


Norway 


. . Yakoubowitz 


Jew 


Sweden . . 


. Madame Kallontai 


. .Jewess 1 


Roumania 


Ostrovsky 


Jew 


Greece 


Kobetzki (Staff Jewish) 


. Russian 


Latvia 


Brodovski 


Jew 


Lithuania 


Karski (alias Bejmann) 


Jew 


Finland 


Asmous 


Jew 


Switzerland 


Dr, Bagozkt 


Jew 


(unofficial) 






Uruguay (expelled) 


Mineine 


Jew 



"League of Nations Delegation: Litvinoff (Jew), Rosenberg 
(Jew), Stein (Jew), Markus (Jew), Brenners (Jew), Hirschfeld 
(Jew), Halphand (Jew), Swanidze (Georgian). 

"The reader may wonder why newspapers never mention that 
Bolshevism is simply a Jewish conquest of Russia. The expla- 
nation is that the international news agencies on which papers rely 
for foreign news are controlled by Jews." 

"The Jew, Jagoda, is head of the G.P.U. (the former Cheka), 
now called 'The People's Commissariat for Internal Affairs/ The 



1 C£ . Foreword. 



33 



life, death or imprisonment of Russian citizens is in the hands of 
this Jew, and his spies are everywhere. According to the anti- 
Comintern bulletin (15/4/'35) Jagoda's organisation between 
1929 and 1934 drove between five and six million Russian peasants 
from their homes. 

"(The Government of France now (July, 1936) has as Prime 
Minister, the Jewish Socialist, Leon Blum. According to the 
French journal Candide, M. Blum has substantial intersests in 
Weiier's Jupiter aero-engine works in France, and his son, Robert 
Blum, is manager of a branch Weiler works in Russia, making 
Jupiter aero-engines for the Russian Government.) "* 

The Soviet Board of Censors in 1935 

From the evidence of Mr. Gerard Shelley, to be found in The 
Cause of World Unrest (1920), pp. 136, 137, we learn that when 
Russian revolutionaries began to complain that the Bolsheviks 
were working for Judaism, they were wiped out with machine- 
guns. The Russian Anarchists took a number of buildings for 
teaching and lectures. The well-known Anarchist, Lev Cherny, 
gave a series of lectures at which Mr. Shelley assisted, in Moscow 
in April, 1918. The lecturer pointed out that "Marxism, on which 
Bolshevism is founded, really did not express the political side of 
the Russian character and that the Bolsheviks were not sincere 
Soscialists or Communists, but Jews, working for the ulterior mo- 
tives of Judaism. Lev Cherny divided these Jews into three main 
classes — firstly, financial Jews, who dabbled in muddy interna- 
tional waters ; secondly, Zionists, whose aims are, of course, well 
known; and, thirdly, the Bolsheviks, including the Jewish Bund. 
The creed of these Bolsheviks, according to the lecturer, is briefly, 
that the proletariat of all countries are nothing but gelatinous 
masses, which, if the Intelligent^ were destroyed in each country, 
would leave these masses at the mercy of the Jews." Now comes 
the extraordinary sequel. On the very night on which this last 
lecture was delivered the Bolsheviks attacked, with camion, cavalry 
and machine guns, all the Anarchist headquarters, both in Moscow 



1 (A. N. Field's book, All These Things, from which I have quoted, can 
be obtained from The Director, M.CP., 93 Chancery Lane, London, 

W.C2.) 

34 



and Petrograd, and murdered all the men they could find, Lev 
Cherny, however, escaping. 

The Jewish Rulers of Russia, then, did not allow Russian revo- 
lutionaries to exist in 1918. They took care, at least up to 1935, 
not to allow any ideas to be disseminated either in the country or 
outside the country, except the ones they wanted. In 1935, eighteen 
years after "the liberation of the Russian people," the Censorship 
Department in Moscow was entirely staffed by Jews. There was 
in that year not a single non-Jew to be found in it. Yet, surely a 
few Russians could learn to speak and write Russian and other 
languages at least as well as Jews. The fact is the real Rulers of 
Russia are not Russians but Jews. Where can the proof of my 
statement be found ? It is to be found in the book entitled Insanity 
Fair, in which Mr. Douglas Reed, who visited Russia at the same 
time as Mr. Anthony Eden, as the representative of an English 
paper, describes his experiences there. In view of the official state- 
ments issued from Moscow, his account of the composition of the 
Soviet Censorship Department is of special interest. Mr. Reed's 
book only came into my hands some months after the publication 
of the first edition of this pamphlet. I understand that the visit to 
Russia took place in March-April, 1935. The following extracts 
are taken from pages 194, 195, 199, 200:— 

"The two great British institutions represented by Eden and 
myself had never sent a representative to Soviet Russia until now. 

. . British statesmen had never gone to Moscow. My paper had 
never sent a correspondent to Moscow because of the Soviet cen- 
sorship. 

"Thus our two visits were both great events, each in its own 
sphere. The Soviet Government had repeatedly complained about 
Russian news being published from Riga and asked why a corre- 
spondent was not sent to Moscow to see for himself, and the an- 
swer was always Censorship. So my arrival was in the nature of a 
prospecting tour. Before I had been there five minutes the Soviet 
Government started quarrelling with me about the most trivial 
thing. For I wrote mat Eden had passed through streets lined 
with 'drab and silent crowds/ I think that was the expression, and 
a little Jewish censor came along, and said these words must come 
out 

35 



"I asked him if he wanted me to write that the streets were filled 
with top-hatted bourgeoisie, but he was adamant. Such is the in- 
tellectual level of the censors. The censorship department, and that 
means the whole machine for controlling the home and muzzling 
the foreign Press, was entirely staffed by Jews, and this was a 
thing that puzzled me more than anything else in Moscow. There 
seemed not to be a single non-Jewish official in the whole outfit, 
and they were just the same Jews as you met in New York, Berlin, 
Vienna and Prague — well-manicured, well-fed, dressed with a 
touch of the dandy. I was told that the proportion of Jews in the 
Government was small, but in this one department that I got to 
know intimately they seemed to have a monopoly, and I asked my- 
self, where were the Russians ? The answer seemed to be that they 
were in the drab, silent crowds which I had seen but which must 
not be heard of. ... I broke away for an hour or two from 
Central Moscow and the beaten tourist tracks and went looking for 
the real Moscow. I found it. Streets long out of repair, tumble- 
down houses, ill-clad people with expressionless faces. The price 
of this stupendous revolution; in material things they were even 
poorer than before* A market where things were bought and sold, 
that in prosperous bourgeois countries you would have hardly 
bothered to throw away; dirty chunks of some fatty, grey-white 
substance that I could not identify, but which was apparently 
held to be edible, half a pair of old boots, a few cheap ties and 
braces. . . . 

"And then, looking further afield, I saw the universal sign of the 
terrorist State, whether its name be Germany, Russia, or what-not 
Barbed wired palisades, corner towers with machine guns and sen- 
tries. Within, nameless men, lost to the world, imprisoned without 
trial by the secret police. The concentration camps, the political 
prisoners. In Germany, the concentration camps held tens of 
thousands, in this country, hundreds of thousands. . . . 

"The next thing. ... I was sitting in the Moscow State Opera. 
Eden, very Balliol and very well groomed, was in the ex-Imperial 
box. The band played 'Grod Save the King,' and the house was 
packed full with men and women, boys and girls, who judged by 
western standards, I put down as members of the proletariat, but 
no, I was told, the proletariat isn't so lucky, these were the mem- 
bers of the privileged class which the Proletarian State is throwing 
up, higher officials, engineers and experts." 

36 



What are the forces that were capable of securing that, up to 
1935, only Jews would be officially charged with telling the unfor- 
tunate Russians what they were to think ? How many in Europe, 
or in the United States, knew that in 1935 there was not a single 
non-Jew in the Censorship Department of "Moscow" ? How many 
know whether there has been any change since? If the whole 
Department for "controlling the home and muzzling the foreign 
Press" is manned by Jews, can we rely on the statements coming 
to us from U.S.S.R. about the people in key-positions, for ex- 
ample, or about Stalin? No wonder that we read in the French 
newspaper, Le Matin, of 25th May, 1939, a statement to the effect 
that M. Pierre Laval, the French Minister, is supposed to have 
said to his colleagues in the French Cabinet, after his return from 
Moscow in 1935 : "Have I really seen Stalin ? I am not sure about 
it Perhaps they showed me someone else." 

(6) The Rulers of Russia in 1937 

In the July issue of the splendid Review, Ccntre-RSvolution, 
edited at Geneva by Leon de Poncins, there is an excellent article 
on the subject by A. Stolypine. Mr. Stolypine is a son of the for- 
mer Russian Minister who was assassinated in September, 1911, 
by the Jew, Mardko Bagroff. From this article the following 
extracts are taken : 

"Many Jewish leaders of the early days of the revolution have 
been done to death during the Trotsky trials, others are in prison. 
Trotsky-Bronstein is in exile. Jankel Gamarnik, the Jewish head 
of the political section of the army administration, is dead. An- 
other ferocious Jew, Jagoda (Guerchol Yakouda), who was for a 
long time head of the G.P.U., is now in prison. The Jewish gen- 
eral, Jakir, is dead, and along with him a number of others 
sacrificed by those of his race. And if we are to judge by the 
fragmentary and sometimes even contradictory lists which reach 
us from the Soviet Union, Russians have taken the places of cer- 
tain Jews on the highest rungs of the Soviet official ladder. Can 
we draw from this the conclusion that Stalin's government has 
shaken itself free of Jewish control and has become a National 
Government? Certainly no opinion could be more erroneous or 
more dangerous than that. 

"... The Jews are yielding ground at some points and are sac- 
rificing certain lives, in the hope that by clever arrangements they 

37 



may succeed in saving their threatened power. They still have in 
their hands the principal levers of control. The day they will be 
obliged to give them up the Marxist edifice will collapse like a 
house of cards. 

"To prove that, though Jewish domination is gravely compro- 
mised, tiie Jews are still in control, we have only to take the list of 
the highly placed officials of the Red State. The two brothers-in- 
law of Stalin, Lazarus and Moses Kaganovitch, are ministers of 
Transport and of Industry, respectively; Litvinoff (Wallach- 
Meyer-Finkelstein) still directs the foreign policy of the Soviet 
Union. . . . The post of ambassador at Paris is entrusted to the 
Jew, Louritz, in place of the Russian, Potemkine, who has been 
recalled to Moscow. If the ambassador of the U.S.S.R. in Lon- 
don, the Jew Maiski, seems to have fallen into disgrace, it is his 
fellow-Jew, Samuel Kagan, who represents U.S.S.R. on the 
London Non-intervention Committee. A Jew named Yureneff 
(Gofmann) is the ambassador of the U.S.S.R. at Berlin. . . . 
Since the beginning of the discontent in the Red Army the guard 
of the Kremlin and the responsibility for Stalin's personal safety 
is confided to the Jewish colonel, Jacob Rapaport. 

"All the internment camps, with their population of seven mil- 
lion Russians, are in charge of the Jew, Mendel Kermann, aided 
by the Jews, Lazarus Kagan and Semen-Firkin. All the prisons 
of the country, filled with working-men and peasants, are governed 
by the Jew, Kairn Apeter. The News-Agency and the whole Press 
of the country are controlled by the Jews. . . . The clever system 
of double control, organised by the late Jankel Gamarnik, head of 
the political staff of the army, is still functioning, so far as we can 
discover. I have before me the list of these highly placed Jews, 
more powerful than the Bluchers and the Egonoffs, to whom the 
European Press so often alludes. Thus the Jew, Aronchtam, 
whose name is never mentioned, is the Political Commissar of the 
Army in the Far East: the Jew, Rabinovitch, is the Political 
Commissar of the Baltic Fleet, etc. 

"All this goes to prove that Stalin's government, in spite of all 
its attempts at camouflage, has never been, and will never be, a 
national government. Israel will always be the controlling power 
and driving force behind it. Those who do not see that the Soviet 
Union is not Russian must be blind." 

38 



Mr. Stolypine also affirms that "Anti-Semitism in the Soviet 
Union is entering on the initial stage of an organised struggle, and 
is beginning the battle for power. I can confirm this, if needs be, 
by many testimonies from the Muscovite Press." Still, notwith- 
standing Mr. Stolypine's testimony that a new generation is arising 
in Russia which is beginning to see that they and their country are 
only pawns in the hands of the Jews, we must not leave out of ac- 
count the indications to the contrary. 

First of all, Communist propaganda in every country shows few 
signs of division or weakening, in spite of the trials and massacres 
of revolutionaries by their fellow-revolutionaries. That would 
seem to indicate that there must be the same tenacious driving 
force behind the figureheads all the time. A rising tide of Anti- 
Semitism should normally have the effect of weakening external 
action, by obliging the leaders to defend themselves at home. Sec- 
ondly, according to the pamphlet on Trotsky by a former Russian 
Commissar, Trotsky and Stalin, though hating each other, are both 
being employed in their appointed roles. Trotsky "has been ex- 
cluded from the executive board which is to put over the New 
Deal concocted for Soviet Russia and the Communist Third In- 
ternational. He has been given another, but not less important, 
duty of directing the Fourth International, and gradually taking 
over such functions of Communistic Bolshevism as are becoming 
incompatible with Soviet and 'Popular Front' policies. . . . What- 
ever bloodshed may take place in the future will not be provoked 
by the Soviet Union, or directly by the Third International, but by 
Trotsky's Fourth International, and by Trotskyism. Thus, in his 
new r61e, Trotsky is again leading the vanguard of world revolu- 
tion, supervising and organising the bloody stages of it. He is 
past-master in this profession, in which he is not easily replaced. 
. . . Mexico has become the headquarters for Bolshevik activities 
in South American countries — all of which have broken off rela- 
tions with the Soviet Union. Stalin must re-establish these rela- 
tions and a Fourth International co-operating with groups of 
Trotsky-Communists will give Stalin an excellent chance to vindi- 
cate Soviet Russia and official Communism. Any violent disorders 
and bloodshed which Jewish internationalists decide to provoke 
will not be traced back to Moscow, but to Trotsky-Bronstein, who 
is now resident in Mexico, in the mansion of his millionaire friend, 
Muralist Diego Rivera." (Trotsky, by a former Russian Com- 
missar, Defender Publishers, Wichita, Kansas, U.S.A.). These 

39 



remarks are certainly worthy of serious consideration. They 
give a possible explanation of the elaborately staged trials of 
the Trotskyists. 

Thirdly, though the Jew Feuchtwanger's book, Moscow, 1937, 
published by Gollancz, is obviously an attempt to undo the effect of 
Andre Gide's home-truths about life in the Soviet Union, yet his 
testimony about the Jews is worth quoting. According to Feucht- 
wanger, the Jews are fanatically devoted to the regime, and feel 
completely in harmony with the new State. Evidently they still 
feel confident of being able to maintain their ruling position, and 
want to remove the impression that there is any reason for anxiety. 
Mr. Stolypine might, however, reply that the insistence upon the 
absence of anti-Semitism is just propaganda, like the rest of the 
book. 

An article in Contre-RSvolution of December, 1937, by J. Fon- 
tenoy, on Anti-Semitism in Russia, contains the following: "On 
my arrival in U.S.S.R. in 1934, I remember that I was struck by 
the enormous proportion of Jewish functionaries everywhere. In 
the Press, and diplomatic circles, it was difficult to find non-Jews. 
... In France many believe, even amongst the Communists, that, 
thanks to the present anti- Jewish purge . . Russia is no longer 
Israel's chosen land. . . . Those who think that are making a 
mistake." This writer, when speaking of an incident at the Polish 
frontier, alludes, in passing, to one of the ways in which Jewish 
domination has so far been maintained. This is the system of 
Political Commissars controlling the military commanders. Every 
military unit has its Political Commissar to whom the military 
commander must submit all plans in advance. In practically every 
one the Political Commissar is (or was) a Jew. In the pamphlet 
on Trotsky (Defender Publishers, Wichita, Kansas), by a former 
Russian Commissar, there is a good outline of the working of 
the system. 

Former Russian Diplomat on "Moscow" in 1938 

M. Butenko, the Soviet Charge d' Affaires at Bucharest, who fled 
to Italy when his recall to Russia was announced, has written an 
article on Russia for the Giornale d' Italia, of February 17th. As I 
received the March, 1938, issue of the Free Press (London) con- 
taining a translation of the article, just as I was correcting the 

40 



proof of this pamphlet, I thought it well to quote some of the 
article as a testimony to the accuracy of the statements contained 
in the pamphlet. M. Butenko, amongst other things says : 

"The Bolsheviks had promised to give the workers the indus- 
tries, mines, etc., and to make them 'masters of the country.' In 
reality, never has the working class suffered such privations as 
those brought about by the so-called epoch of 'socialisation.' In 
place of the former capitalists a new 'bourgeoisie' has been 
formed, composed of 100 per cent. Jews. Only an insignificant 
number of former Jewish capitalists left Russia after the storm of 
the Revolution. All the other Jews residing in Russia enjoy the 
special protection of Stalin's most intimate adviser — the Jew, 
Lazare Kaganovitch. All the big industries and factories, war 
products, railways, big and small trading, are virtually and effec- 
tively in the hands of Jews, while the working class figures only 
in the abstract as the 'patroness of economy.' 

"The wives and families of Jews possess luxurious cars and 
country houses, spend the summer in the best climatic or bathing 
resorts in the Crimea and Caucasus, are dressed in costly Astra- 
khan coats; they wear jewels, gold bracelets and rings, send to 
Paris for their clothes and articles of luxury. Meanwhile the 
labourer, deluded by the revolution, drags on a famished exist- 
ence. . . . The Bolsheviks had promised the peoples of old Russia 
full liberty and autonomy. ... I confine myself to the example 
of the Ukraine. The entire administration, the important posts 
controlling works in the region, are in the hands of Jews or of 
men faithfully devoted to Stalin, commissioned expressly from 
Moscow. The inhabitants of this land once fertile and flourishing 
suffer from almost permanent famine." 

M. Butenko has since written in Italian an account of life in the 
Soviet Union entitled Rivelasioni su Mosca. He mentions the 
fulsome epithets such as "Light and Delight of the Workers" and 
"Mighty Leader of Peoples," applied to Stalin, by Jews masquer- 
ading as journalists. 

APPENDIX ! 

An Outline of LitvinofFs Career 

"In December, 1917, after the Bolshevist Government had come 
into power, Lenin and Trotsky chose Rothstein for the post of 

41 



Bolshevist Ambassador to Great Britain, but finally decided on 
Litvinov, because, as Radek observed: 'Rothstein is occupying a 
confidential post in one of the British Government Departments, 
where he can be of greater use to us than in the capacity of semi- 
official representative of the Soviet Government.' 1 

"Meyer Genoch Moisevitch Wallach, alias Litvinov, sometimes 
known as Maxim Litvinov or Maximovitch, who had at various 
times adopted the other revolutionary aliases of Gustave Graf, 
Finkelstein, Buchmann and Harrison, was a Jew of the artisan 
class, born in 1876. His revolutionary career dated from 1901, 
after which date he was continuously under the supervision of the 
police and arrested on several occasions. It was in 1906, when he 
was engaged in smuggling arms into Russia, that he lived in St. 
Petersburg under the name of Gustave Graf. In 1908 he was 
arrested in Paris in connection with the robbery of 250,000 roubles 
of Government money in Tiflis in the preceding year. He was, 
however, merely deported from France. 

"During the early days of the War, Litvinov, for some unex- 
plained reason, was admitted to England 'as a sort of irregular 
Russian representative/' 2 and was later reported to be in touch 
with various German agents, and also to be actively employed in 
checking recruiting amongst the Jews of the East End, and to be 
concerned in the circulation of seditious literature brought to him 
by a Jewish emissary from Moscow named Holtzmann. Litvinov 
had as a secretary another Jew named Joseph Fineberg, a member 
of the I.L.P., B.S.P. and I.W.W. (Industrial Workers of the 
World), who saw to the distribution of his propaganda leaflets and 
articles. At the Leeds conference of June 3rd, 1917, referred to in 
the foregoing chapter, Litvinov was represented by Fineberg. In 
December of the same year, just after the Bolshevist Government 
came into power, Litvinov applied for a permit to Russia, and was 
granted a special 'No Return Permit/ He was back again, how- 
ever, a month later, and this time as 'Bolshevist Ambassador' to 
Great Britain. But his intrigues were so desperate that he was 
finally turned out of the country." (The Surrender of an Em- 
pire, by Mrs. Webster, pp. 89-90.) 

1 Evidence of a Russian to whom this statement was made. Patriot, 
November 15th, 1923. 

2 Lord Curzon, in House of Lords, March 26th, 1924. 

42 



APPENDIX II 

The Rulers of Russia are Jewish Politicians in a Messianic Era 

We know what the immediate post-war period was. Russia in 
the hands of the Jews, was the centre of direction of the revolu- 
tionary movements which shook Europe to its foundations. Hun- 
gary came under the power of Bela Kun, Germany nearly suc- 
cumbed. Poland, Switzerland and Italy were just saved. The 
Socialists, under the Jew, Bauer, triumphed at Vienna. Yet in a 
work entitled "The Jews," published by the Jews of Paris in 1933, 
to protest against the "anti-Semitism" of Hitler, we read: 

"In spite of the frightful pogroms which took place, first in 
Poland and then in unprecedented fashion in the Ukraine, and 
which cost the lives of thousands 01 Jews, the Jewish people con- 
sidered the post-war period as a. messianic era. Israel, during 
those years, 1919-1920, rejoiced in Eastern and Southern Europe, 
in Northern and Southern Africa, and above all in America." 

The same work, on page 71, under the heading, "Jewish Poli- 
ticians of the Post-War Period," shows side by side the photos of 
Trotsky, Litvinov, Lord Reading (Rufus Isaacs) and Bernard 

Baruch, the International Banker, who is said to be the Financial 
Adviser of President Roosevelt. 

The Rulers of Russia, then, are Jewish Politicians, and they are 
applying to the world the doctrine of Karl Marx (Mardochai). 
Marx, according to the Jewish writer, Bernard Lazare, was "a 
clear and lucid Talmudist. . . . full of that old Hebrew material- 
ism which ever dreams of a paradise on earth and always rejects 
the hope held out of the chance of a Garden of Eden after Death."* 

APPENDIX III 

Reply to Some Criticisms 

Mr. Frank Newby, in the course of a lengthy review in The 
Catholic Worker of July, 1938, applied the epithet "mischievous" 
to the first edition of this pamphlet and added that he did not think 
that it could serve any useful purpose but would simply be provo- 
cative of anti-Semitism. 



1 L'Antisemitisme, p. 346. 

43 



Such language is certainly strong, and I am afraid that its 
vigour is in part due to Mr. Newby's superficial knowledge of the 
question under discussion. 

What the Pamphlet sets oat to prove 

First of all, the pamphlet treats of only one point out of the 
many discussed in the book, The Mystical Body of Christ in the 
Modern World, to which it refers. The pamphlet proves that 
Bolshevism is an instrument in the hands of the Jews. The book 
shows Bolshevism in its proper perspective, namely, as the most 
recent development in the age-long struggle waged by the Jewish 
Nation against the Supernatural Messias, our Lord Jesus Christ, 
and His Mystical Body, the Catholic Church. Our Lord Jesus 
Christ is at one and the same time the Second Person of the 
Blessed Trinity and a Jew of the house of David. He spoke to 
the Jews of a higher life to be obtained by incorporation into His 
Mystical Body. The Jews set up racial descent from Abraham, in 
opposition to spiritual descent from Abraham by faith in the Su- 
pernatural Messias, and refused to subject their national life to the 
Mystical Body of Christ. They thus put their race and nation in 
the place of God, deified them in fact. They then rejected the 
Supernatural Messias and elaborated a programme of preparation 
for the Natural Messias to come. The Natural Messias can have 
but one object, the imposition of Jewish national supremacy. There 
is no alternative. 

On the one hand, Catholics hold that the highest life of the world 
is the participation by grace in the life of the Blessed Trinity to be 
attained through membership of Christ's Mystical Body. AH na- 
tions are called to enter into that Body and are required to sub- 
ordinate their national life to the development of the supernatural 
life of the members of the Mystical Body. Catholics are bound to 
work for the Kingship of Christ, that is, for an organisation of 
society that will favour the living of life as members of Christ by 
all. All are bound to live as members of Christ always, as the 
hand is always subject to the head in the physical body. 

On the other hand, the Jewish Nation, by its rejection of Christ's 
message, asserted that its national life was the highest life in the 
world and proclaimed that the supreme test of the value of a course 
of action was its relation to that national life. "But one of them, 

44 



named Caiphas, being the high priest that year, said to them : You 
know nothing. Neither do you consider that it is expedient for 
you that one should die for the people, and that the whole nation 
perish not." (St. John xi, 49-50). Their rejection of the Super- 
natural Messias is just as vigorous to-day as at any time since 
Calvary. The world, in their opinion, must, therefore, be recast 
in the mould of Jewish national life. This will be the work of the 
future Natural Messias, and it cannot but mean the complete un- 
doing of the Catholic organisation of society. 

The Forces of Naturalism 

The Jewish Nation thus gradually became the most strongly 
organised visible force working for the elimination of the super- 
natural outlook in society and the installation of Naturalism. Let 
me explain. The supernatural outlook holds that we are a race 
whose highest life, the Divine Life of Grace, by which the Blessed 
Trinity dwells in our souls, was lost by the fall of Adam but re- 
stored through our Lord Jesus Christ, True God and True Man, 
Naturalism denies the existence of any life higher than natural 
life, and maintains that social relations should be organised on 
that basis. Catholic Europe, however imperfectly, once had the 
supernatural outlook, and we are urged by the Holy Father in the 
Encyclical, Quas Prirnas, to work for the return of society to our 
loving Saviour. To do that, we have to combat the Naturalism of 
the Jewish Nation which is opposed to all that is enshrined for us 
in the Kingship of Christ. Besides the Jewish Nation, there are 
other forces, both invisible and visible, working for the reign 
of Naturalism, the invisible ones, Satan and his fellow-demons, 
using the visible. Next to the Jewish Nation, the strongest visible 
force working for Naturalism is Freemasonry. The ultimate aim 
is always the suppression of the Mass, the expression of humble 
submission of the Mystical Body. The way is prepared therefor 
by an organisation of society such that from the moment they 
leave the church after Mass Christians find themselves a prey to 
incentives to renounce their allegiance to Christ the King, Head of 
the Mystical Body. Social organisation is meant to aid Christians 
to bring unity into their lives, instead of opposing obstacles to 
them in the struggle. Let us take one point. "By the fact," writes 
Pope Pius VII in the letter, Post tarn diuturnas (1814), "that the 
freedom of all forms of worship is proclaimed, truth is confused 

45 



with error, and the holy and immaculate Spouse of Christ, outside 
of which there can be no salvation, is placed on the same level as 
heretical sects and even as Jewish perfidy." Pope Pius XI insists 
Upon the same point in the letter, Quas Pirmas, on the Kingship 
of Christ. There the Sovereign Pontiff shows that the naturalistic 
spirit has gradually come to infect society, because "by degrees 
the religion of Christ was put on the same level as false religions 
and placed ignominiously in the same category with them." The 
insult to God involved in that attitude should make every Cath- 
olic's blood boil with indignation. That it does not is a proof of 
how low we have fallen and how sadly we have been influenced 
by our environment. All these are plain, simple, elementary truths, 
upon which the book, The Mystical Body of Christ in the Modern 
World, insists, but which were taken for granted in this pamphlet. 

Furthermore, the opposition of the Jewish nation to God be- 
come Man — God does know what is best for the world and He 
loves us as no other can — has had and is having disastrous effects 
on the world and on the Jews themselves. These disastrous effects 
are morally inevitable, given the persistent rejection of order. 1 
"Opposition to the order God has established in the world leads 
inevitably to decay in belief in God among the Jews, and to cor- 
ruption both in regard to the correct attitude towards their fellow 
human beings and in regard to the means to be employed to get 
Other nations to accept the messianic message. It is morally inevi- 
table that nations which resist God and oppose the supernatural 
order of the world should suffer decay in the process. The ex- 
cesses of the Bolshevik revolution thus find their explanation. We 
are, however, dealing with a moral law in the wide sense. God is 



1 "Writing of the ceremonies and rites of the Old Law, such as circum- 
cision and the worship of the Synagogue, St. Thomas says : 'In like manner, 
the ceremonies of the Old Law prefigured Christ as having yet to be born 
and to suffer; whereas our Sacraments signify Him as already born and 
having suffered. Consequently, just as it would be a mortal sin now for 
anyone, in making a profession of faith, to say that Christ is yet to be born, 
which the fathers of old said devoutly and truthfully; so too, it would be a 
mortal stn now to observe those ceremonies which the fathers of old ac- 
complished with devotion and fidelity. Such is the teaching of St. Augustine.' 
Sla. Hae, Q. 103, a. 4. ) Objectively, therefore, the Jews as a nation put 
lemselves against the ordered return of humanity to God which can only 
be through Our Lord Jesus Christ." (The Mystical Body of Christ in the 
Modern World, p. 263.) 

46 



merciful and the Sacred Heart of Jesus loves the members of His 
own race with a special love. We cannot draw conclusions from 
such a law to all the individual members of the nation. . . . There 
are Jews in whom may be seen excellent qualities, and the super- 
natural life is poured out upon all by Our Lord, even upon those 
who reject Him. All Jews, however, in proportion as they are one 
with the leaders and rulers of their race, will oppose the influence 
of the supernatural Life of Grace in society and will be an active 
ferment of Naturalism." 1 Jews like J. Weill in La Foi d f Israel, 
who speak of Christianity as "a form of messianism originally 
very Jewish but very strongly coloured and modified by mystical 
and mythical elements derived from paganism," say that the mis- 
sion of Israel amongst the nations has for "its final ideal and the 
consummation of its destiny the setting up of a society of peoples 
reconciled together and morally united in a spirit of definitive 
peace, of social justice and of fraternal solidarity." Since there is 
only one world and one Divine Flan for order this can only mean 
that the Jewish Nation by its natural vigour and power will 
mould the nations into unity, in opposition to the Divine Plan. The 
result is an inevitable increase of disorder in the Jewish Nation 
and in the world. Do we not see this in practice? 

In his book, Integrates ludentum (Integral Judaism), the 
Jewish writer, Alfred Nossig, who in 1926 was secretary of a 
league for international concord, says: "The modern socialist 
movement is chiefly the work of Jews. ... It is true that the 
Jewish socialist leaders were, for the most part, far removed from 
Judaism. Nevertheless the r61e they played in the movement does 
not come from themselves alone. The Mosaic principles have 
acted upon them unconsciously. The blood of the ancient mis- 
sionary people has shown itself in their intellectual outlook and in 
their social attitude. The present world-wide Socialist Movement 
forms the first stage in the fulfilment of the Mosaic plan ; it is the 
beginning of the realisation of the future state of die world an- 
nounced by our prophets. . . . Hence all Jewish groups, whether 
they be Zionists or partisans of the Dispersion, have a vital in- 
terest in the triumph of Socialism. They ought to long for it, not 
only as a matter of principle because of its identity with the Mo- 



*The Mystical Body of Christ in the Modern World (Second Edition), 
pp. 267, 261 

47 



saic plan, but as a tactical weapon. . . . Already the dawn of our 
day lights up the horizon." 1 

The inauguration of the Hungarian section of the naturalistic 
Messianic Kingdom is treated of in Dr. Hans Eisele's book, Bilder 
ous dem Kommunistischen Ungarn, published in 1920. From it 
we learn that handbills were distributed amongst the Jews in Buda- 
Pesth, during the Judaeo-Masonico-Communist revolution of 1919 
in Hungary, containing the following appeal: "People of Israel! 
with the help of our mighty ally we have fought for the revolution 
and we have won through. If now we all hold together and if we 
do not consider ourselves as Hungarian Jews, but with the tenacity 
of our race defend the conquered positions which will be attacked 
in vain, we can set up Judaea. Make every effort to have the 
public positions occupied by our co-religionists. Do not translate 
your names into Magyar. Woe to those who will get themselves 
baptized ! Jehovah is with us. Our centuries of exile are at an 
end ! We shall have a new homeland between the Danube and the 
Theiss. Support the secret societies, for these assure to every 
faithful follower of Jehovah a suitable place in the new state. 
Szamuely will protect us." 

Mr. Newby says that *'he has never seen any evidence of a policy 
of world domination for the attainment of the Messianic king- 
dom." The above texts may enlighten him. If they do not, there 
are others. In addition, he can consult The Mystical Body of 
Christ in the Modern World for evidence about the Messianism of 
Karl Marx. 2 He will also find on page 93 of the same work a 
reference to a sketch of Lenin's career showing that he was at the 
same time a paid agent of the Russian secret police and of Jewish 
financiers engaged in furthering the Marxist conspiracy. Does Mr. 
Newby think that it was by accident that Beta Kun f Cohen) ap- 
peared in Hungary and seventeen years later in Barcelona ? 



1 Quoted by Leon de Ponrins in La Mysterieuse Internationale juive, p. 74. 

2 A point that is not there touched upon is the resemblance between the 
Marxian system and the Jewish Kabbala. If we except one point which, in 
the case of Marx, may well be ascribed to the influence of Hegel, the rest 
is strikingly similar. Be it remarked in passing that Freudian psychoanalysis 
is also in great part the Jewish Kabbala. 

48 



Are the Jews persecuted in Russia? 

Mr. Newby says that "there is a formidable list of murdered 
rabbis and closed synagogues in the Soviet Union." On this point 
I beg to submit the following observations. 

In The Mystical Body of Christ in the Modern World, pp. 294 
and 295, there is a long quotation from an article by a distin- 
guished Jew, Mr. Norman Bentwich, O.B.E., M.C., in the B f nai 
B'rith Magazine, In that article, he answers No to the question : 
"Is Judaism doomed in Soviet Russia ?" He says that "the Com- 
munist Party, which controls the Soviet Government, is opposed to 
Judaism as to any other established religion: for its dominant 
creed is a militant atheism. Yet it has to be recognised that the 
attack on the old Jewish worship and learning, the demand for the 
closing of synagogues and schools and yeshivas comes principally 
from the younger generation of Jews. The Jewish Communist 
youth in large part have revolted against the old order. . . . The 
question arises whether Judaism will survive in this hostile atmos- 
phere, without the religious hold and without the national ideal, 
reduced to a matter of national or racial pride and feeling. . . . 
The spiritual motive of the revolution goes back to the principles 
of Socialism in the teaching of the Hebrew prophets, even though 
the Communist denies the rock from which he is hewn and knows 
not the hole from which he is dug. The revolution of this gener- 
ation against the old creeds and its devotion td a materialistic 
theory of work will not be a permanent belief. It is contrary alike 
to the Russian and the Jewish nature and to the outlook of science 
in our day." 

Again, the January, 1934, issue of the American Jewish journal, 
Opinion, styled "A Journal of Jewish Life and Letters" had an 
article stating : "There is no doubt that the old, traditional Jewish 
synagogue is rapidly dying out in Russia. It is dying not because 
of Communist persecution, as many mould like to believe, or any 
other outside influence, but simply because of a natural law of life. 
The youth has deserted it. Go over to the Jewish Communist 
Club on Tverskaya Street and you will find plenty of them."* 



1 Quoted from Wolves in Sheep's Clothing, by George E. Sullivan. 

49 



Again, in The Jewish Chronicle Supplement, February 26th, 
1937, page 3, we read : "It is a known fact that in Russia, in so far 
as there was persecution of the Jewish religion, it never came from 
the higher staff authorities but always from the Jewish Commun- 
ists, who were, in most cases, sons of strictly religious fathers. 
. . ." This text and others of a like nature are quoted in the Free 
Press (London) of October, 1938. Of course, some Russian 
Jews did not understand the plans of the leaders of world- Jewry 
and resisted at the outset. They did not see why their interests 
were being sacrificed. They quickly accepted the new orientation, 
however, and the sympathy of Jews everywhere for Communism 
in Russia and Spain is remarkable. 

Finally, I beg to draw special attention to Mr. Reed's statement 
about the composition of the Censorship Department of the Soviet 
Government. Since "the whole machine for controlling the home 
and muzzling the foreign press is entirely staffed by Jews," Mr. 
Newby ought to know that he must control his information. Has 
he done so? 

"Democracy' 9 versus "Fascism" 

As we have seen, the final end of a State or Nation is the de- 
velopment of national life in such wise as not only not to hinder 
but to favour the Supernatural Life of the members of the Mys- 
tical Body of Christ. The movement known as the Protestant 
Reformation may be described as an attempt on the part of some 
countries to hold on to Christ, while rejecting the order established 
by Christ for the communication of the Divine Life of Grace to 
men. It broke the unity of European subjection to the supra- 
national, supernatural Church of Christ. It did not, however, 
install a naturalistic international organisation in the place of the 
Catholic Church. That was reserved for the French Revolution of 
1789. The French Revolution was the inauguration of the domi- 
nation of the world by Masonic Naturalism. As time went on 
State after State denied that it had any duty to acknowledge the 
Divine Plan revealed by Our Lord Jesus Christ, in other words, 
refused to organise its social life so as to enable a member of 
Christ to live in harmony with the submission expressed to the 
Blessed Trinity at Mass. Instead it aimed at organising its social 
life under the influence of Masonic Naturalism. Behind Masonry, 
however, the other naturalistic force of the once chosen people 

50 



loomed up and, little by little, sought to prepare the way for its 
future anti-supernatural Messias. The Jews everywhere made use 
of Freemasonry to secure the right of becoming citizens of the 
once Christian States. We see the Masons, Mirabeau, Gregoire, 
etc., working for this project in the Constituent Assembly of 
France (1789-1791 J 1 . Thus the States which had renounced the 
Supernatural Messias admitted into their bosoms a strongly or- 
ganised body working for their subjection to the Natural Messias 
and utilising the Naturalism of Freemasonry for that purpose. 

The rejection of the rule of Christ the King, without which 
social organisation cannot be free from essential deviations, and 
the gradual imposition of the Jewish National mould or "form" 
have proved disastrous for the nations once Christian and Catholic. 
They are beginning to react. The form and method of the reac- 
tion, however, here and there show serious traces of the process of 
deformation to which the nations have been subjected. Naturalism 
and the defective philosophies resulting from its deleterious influ- 
ence on the human mind are at work even in the efforts displayed 
to undo its effects. 2 We shall see this in particular further on in 
the case of the German National Socialist Reaction. This series 
of reactions or revolts is given, in the language of propaganda, the 
name of "Fascism." The countries ruled by the Judaeo-Masonic 
combinations are spoken of as "Democracies." 

From another point of view, the struggle between "Democracy" 
and "Fascism" may be characterised as a struggle between money- 
lending, or the system by which currency originates in debt to 
groups of private individuals, whose aim has been the manipula- 
tion of the price-level of the different countries, and money as a 
stable measure of value facilitating the exchange of real wealth. 
Catholics must learn to take account of the fact that, since the 
coming of William of Orange to England and the foundation of 



1 "The deputies who got the project of Jewish Emancipation voted by the 
Assembly were all masons." L' Entree des Juifs dans la Societe Francaise, 
by l'Abbe Lemann, p. 356. L'Abbe Lemann was a Jewish convert 

2 These erroneous philosophical theories are in part the result of the revolt 
against the Mystical Body of Christ (opposition to God has a disastrous 
effect on the human mind) and in part the result of decay consequent on 
Judaeo-Masonic influence. 

51 



the Bank of England, those who control credit and manipulate 
currency have gradually usurped the function of the Sovereign 
Power in modern States and are now linked together in a Big 
Combine. "Democracy" is simply another name for "a money- 
lenders' Paradise," a country in which currency comes into exist- 
ence in the form of a debt to members of a big syndicate. Just as 
the chain-shop aims at the extinction of the individual trader, so 
the International Syndicate known as the Bank of International 
Settlements aims at the extinction of those entities known as na- 
tions or rather at their subjection to its dictates. The "Fascist" 
nations are refusing to sell out and be absorbed by the great 
monopolies, in a word, they refuse to borrow money. 

"These 'sovereign states' we call Germany, Spain, Poland, Italy, 
Japan, are relatively small independent businesses. . . . Inciden- 
tally, they are businesses which have defied the big credit Institu- 
tions or International Banks — upon whose accommodation such 
businesses are supposed to depend for their continued existence. 
And it is not us, the people of England, but the International 
Banking Interests (of whom all democratic governments are the 
agents) who loudly and threateningly demand their return into 
the economic fold. And 'Soviets Limited' shouts it too. . . . What 
is this notion of National Sovereignty as seen from the standpoint 
of the monopolist (Mr. Litvinov representing the great Russian 
Empire, stretching from the Baltic to Korea or Mr. Eden repre- 
senting the British Empire which sprawls all over the world) ? It 
is a challenge to the all-powerful world-corporation he has in view, 
and which is actually in process of formation. It makes him see 
red literally. . . . Among the monopolist States, Great Britain, 
France, and Russia are the great protagonists. ... In the back- 
ground is the United States of America, the most powerful single 
State in the world. And Mr. Roosevelt is an arch-monopolist. 
. . . The last four years have made it clear to any intelligent man. 
. . . that 'Soviet Communism' is just a monopolist variation of 
'Dollar Diplomacy* or the 'British Hegemony' ... It is Soviets 
Limited with a propaganda Department as big as all the other 
departments of State put together. . . . It is the most stu- 
pendous racket that the world has ever seen. . . . We, that is, 
Great Britain, are in with the monopolists . . . over against us 
are a lot of States which represent relatively small-scale CapitaJ 
. . . We stand for the Big Combine. They represent the little 

52 



individualist business, as it were, now in armed revolt against the 
insolent tyranny of the Empire Trusts, which are merging into one 
Empire. . . . These three great Empires (Great Britain, France, 
Russia) are now made into a mighty Trust of interlocking Syndi- 
cates. That is what the French-Russian (Soviet) Pact and the 
French-English alliance means. . . . That is merely an old-fash- 
ioned, political way of putting it, to call these 'Pacts' and 'Alli- 
ances.' It is nationalist language. It has to be used . . . because, 
of course, the majority of people are still 'nationalist' minded. . . . 
Another great war is blowing up ... to understand its meaning 
... fix your mind upon this tendency to coalesce into corpor- 
ations, to fuse into one vast monopolistic mass. That is what the 
nations are doing, just as much as shops and factories. And those 
who decline to coalesce, are now being threatened by those who are 
the leading members of this great political Trust . . ."*¦ 

In regard to the r61e of Soviet Russia, Mr. Wyndham Lewis 
does not seem to be quite satisfactory. The aim of the Rulers of 
Russia has always been to promote war between the once Christian 
powers, in order to profit by the resultant misery. They are ready 
to play off one against the other and turn to account the weaknesses 
of both. They will thus be able to propagate Communism in all 
the countries engaged in conflict. The end of the War may well 
see a Communist revolution and, as a result, the Mass practically 
abolished, in Western Europe. So Satan muses — and others. 2 

For those who may not be aware of how far monopoly and 
semi-Communism have progressed in England, the pamphlet The 
Reed Crisis, published by The Liberty Restoration League is rec- 
ommended. They will there learn about P.E.P. (Political and 
Economic Planning) and see that "the various Boards that have 
been set up in a number of industries are autocratic bodies on the 



1 "Count Your Dead: They are Alive t" by Wyndham Lewis. This book 
is strongly recommended for its excellent outline of the preparations for 
another great war. 

2 In a more recent book, entitled "The Jews— are they human?" Mr, 
Wyndham Lewis shows a regrettable lack of knowledge of the Divine Plan 
for order in the world through the acceptance of the Supernatural Messias. 
The result is a very superficial work compared with "Count Your Dead: 
They are Alvoel" 

53 



true Soviet model, with powers to inflict fines and entirely regulate 
the affairs of those subject to each Board's authority."! The 
present writer has dealt briefly with P.E.P. in The Mystical Body 
of Christ in the Modern World, in order to show its place in the 
anti-supernatural campaign of the Judaeo-Masonic forces. Similar 
Boards are already functioning in Ireland. Under threat of w.ir, 
this semi-Communist organisation will be advanced in all "demo- 
cratic" countries. A recent leaflet of the Liberty Restoration 
League on A.R.P. draws attention to this as follows: "Another 
organisation which has helped to spread the Air Terror is the Air 
Raid Defence League. It is directed by Sir Arthur Salter, M.P., 
who is also a member of the Council of the group which describes 
itself as P.E.P. (Political and Economic Planning). P.E.P. is 
composed chiefly of Socialist civil servants and representatives of 
the big businesses which obtain State assistance and require con- 
stant State interference to hamper, or prevent, the free competi- 
tion of their independent rivals. Its aim is revolution by stealth, 
and for some years if Hs been working for the gradual elimination 
of private property and enterprise and the compulsory amalgama- 
tions of businesses, which is the first step towards Communism. 
It calls these activities 'planning^ and, in a recent issue of its jour- 
nal, stated that 'only in war, or under threat of wa^ will a British 
Government embark on a large scale planning, ^wenty five years 
ago, this was also the view of those who planned the Russian 
revolution." 

As many of my Catholic readers will never have heard of P.E.P. 
before and mav be unaware of the menace of naturalistic State 
"planning" to family life, the private ownership of a strong middle 
class, and everything which savours of guild-organisation or voca- 
tional groups, the following quotation from the Parish Magazine 
of the Holy Rood (Catholic) Church, Watford, Herts., England, 
will be helpful to them: "The Political and Economic Planning 
Group undei the chairmanship of Mr. Israel Moses Sieff ... is 
out to reduce every public and private activity in England to a 
compact mechanism of State-aided monopolies, combines and 
chain-stores under the control of a few financiers. The blessings 
to follow are these: artificial limitation of private enterprise, re- 
stricted production, rise of the cost of living, mass production of 



i Britain's Jewish Problem, by M. G. Murchin, p. 177. 

54 



low quality goods, reduction in exports, swelling of the bureau- 
cracy, increase of taxation, growth of large cities, depopulation of 
smaller towns and countryside, suppression of private property 
and compulsion for all to invest their savings in monopolistic com- 
bines. . . . This wonderful and genial movement for the enslave- 
ment of Great Britain is making fair headway, and has succeeded 
in laying hands on pigs, bacon, milk, potatoes, turnips, bees. . . . 
The latest to join the movement is the National Birth Control As- 
sociation, which has accordingly altered its name to Family Plan- 
ning Association. It will arrange when and whom to marry, how 
many children to bring into the world, when to divorce, when and 
how to die, all according to the lofty standard of a group of finan- 
ciers' financial needs and benefits." 

To conclude this section I beg to quote a paragraph from an- 
other English writer as a short summary of the situation. H. T, 
Mills, in a pamphlet entitled Money, Politics and the Future, says : 
"We can roughly sum up the characteristics of the nations which 
already divide the world into two hostile camps, in order of impor- 
tance, as follows : THE SO-CALLED DEMOCRACIES ; gold 
standard countries; Freemasonry strong; Communistic element 
strong; members of League of Nations (except U.S., on account 
of special circumstances) versus (RELATIVELY) JEW-FREE 
'DICTATORSHIPS'; goods standard countries; Freemasonry 
suppressed ; nationalist element strong ; not members of the League 
(except Italy, which country is as good as out of it). Russia may 
also be included without much difficulty in the first group. She is 
entirely dominated by the money power, which in the first instance 
gave to Bolshevism the possibility of life." 1 

"Moscow" (or Russia) and Ireland 

"Moscow" or Russia, then, is simply a gigantic investment by 
which control over vast resources has been acquired by those who 
are preparing for the New Messias. They have "the enormous 



1 According to LeGrand Occident of August, 1935, quoting from a Russian 
journal published in Paris, Masonic Lodges exist in Russia. The question of 
Freemasonry in Germany is dealt with further on. 

The pamphlet by H. T. Mills was published some months before the out- 
break of the war. 

55 



material advantage of vast funds such as a despotism can levy at 
will from the labour of more than fifty million adult men and 
women working on its soil, allowing as productive for revenue one- 
third of the gross population. All the surplus value of that labour 
is available, and a very large part of it is actually used, for propa- 
ganda and supply in countries outside Russia." 1 The numbers of 
the New I.R.A., who are members of the Communist Party of 
Ireland and who took part in the formation of the Dublin Branch 
of the Left Book Club in 1936, seem to prove that Russia is ready 
to utilise the Partition grievance in Ireland, in order to prepare the 
way for the Popular Front and the attack on the Mass. 2 We must 
not forget that the General Convention of the New I.R.A. on 
January 8th, 1933, issued a manifesto to the Irish people, which 
stated unequivocally that: "the reorganisation of Irish life de- 
mands the public ownership of the means of production, distribu- 
tion and exchange in a State based on the needs of the mass of the 
people." The I.R.A. thus accepted the central point of "Moscow's" 
programme. The New I.R.A. ought to remember how a small 
section of the Basques were used as the instruments of Russia in 
Spain. 3 They ought to bear in mind, too, the fate that awaits 
them if "Moscow" triumphs. It will be given to others to read 
that "they have disappeared," like so many marshals, generals, 
ambassadors, professors, technicians, and other dupes of all kinds, 
not to speak of ordinary citizens in their thousands and hundreds 
of thousands. The Natural Messias is not meek and humble of 
heart like the Supernatural Messias. 

Labour unions ought to watch their leaders closely, for every 
socialistic programme which sacrifices personal to common owner- 
ship operates in the long run towards the concentration of all con- 
trol in the hands of a small minority and the reduction of the rest 
of the population to propertyless serfdom. 4 It is one of the trage- 
dies of James Connolly's life that he who believed firmly in the 



1 H. Belloc in G. K.'s Weekly, August 13th, 1936. 

2 The Left Book Club is the creation of the Jew, V. Gollancz. 

8 The Soviet programme of action in Spain in 1932 included "the intensi- 
fication of the national revolutionary movement in Catalonia and Biscay." 
(Theses of XII Plenum of the E.C.C.I.) The letters E.C.CI : stand for 
Executive Committee of the Communist International. 

* Cf . Socialism Unmasked, by A. N. Field. 

56 



Supernatural Messias never saw that Marxism was simply a means 
for the installation of the reign of the new Messias. 

Too great vigilance cannot be exercised by Irish Catholics with 
regard to the form of union which may be brought about between 
Northern and Southern Ireland. The union may be made to ap- 
pear on the surface as a concession to Irish national sentiment 
while, in reality, preparing the way for the direct attack on the 
supernatural life of our country. We know how sadly our Catho- 
lic fellow-countrymen in the Six Counties of North-East have 
been made to suifer, deprived as they are of their fundamental 
rights as citizens in their own land, to use a recent expression of 
His Eminence, Cardinal MacRory, and the Bishops of the North. 1 
But we in the South have already compromised lamentably with 
the French Revolution in the section on Religion in the new Irish 
Constitution and we may be dragged still further along the path to 
decay. 2 Masonry and that sub-Masonry, the Orange Society, will 
have no difficulty in forming a common front with Communism 
against the Catholic Church. 

The German Nationalist Socialist Reaction against Internationalism 

We have seen that the Nazi movement in Germany is one of a 
number of national reactions against the naturalistic International- 
ism of the Jewish Nation and of Freemasonry. This particular 
reaction is deeply infected with defective philosophy as a conse- 
quence of the various deviations from the Divine Plan for order, 
which have been playing upon the German mind. The history of 
the German-speaking peoples, since the disastrous rupture of the 
unity of Europe in the 16th century, is, in its broad outlines, an 
account of the gradually successful efforts on the part of Protes- 



l In their public pronouncement on the question of conscription. 

2 Mr. Anthony Eden, Secretary of State for the Dominions, in his broad- 
cast to America, 11th September, 1939, said: "Can we finally rid Europe of 
barriers of caste and creed and prejudice? . . . Our new civilisation must 
be built through a world at war. But our new civilisation will be built just 
the same." Weigh those words well; there is a very Masonic ring about 
them. The Times of 15th October, 1938, quoted Mr. Eden as saying that 
changes in our social and economic structure as far-reaching as those which 
have taken place in some other countries may be necessary as a by-product 
of a war to liberate Europe from the systems of Germany and Italy. Is this 
PJEJ\? 

57 



tant Prussia with its capital, Berlin, to oust Catholic Austria, with 
its brilliant capital, Vienna, from the leadership of the German- 
speaking peoples. Cardinal Richelieu's policy of hiring Gustavus 
Adolphus of Sweden against the Catholic Emperor during the 
Thirty Years' War (1618-1648) prepared the way. Frederick the 
Great, that cynical, conscienceless ruler, carried on the work. In- 
ternational Finance and Freemasonry, of which Bismarck was an 
agent, then brought about the birth of the German Empire of the 
Hohenzollern, which grouped a large number of German-speaking 
Catholics under the hegemony of Prussia. The Nazi movement is 
now bringing the rest of the German-speaking Catholics under the 
same rule, in the name of the naturalistic principle of race. The 
French Freemason, Clemenceau, during the peace negotiations at 
the end of the Great War, 1914-1918, refused to allow a South 
German State, predominantly Catholic, to arise. The work of the 
Freemason, Bismarck, was not to be undone, though the Austrian 
Empire was dismembered, and its social organisation, impregnated 
with Catholic tradition, broken to pieces. Now Catholic Austria 
and Slovakia, etc., have been incorporated under Berlin, so that 
Richelieu and Clemenceau, by betraying the interests of the Mys- 
tical Body of Christ, have worked for the aggrandisement of Prus- 
sia and against their own country. 

The animating principle of the Nazi movement is that the pure 
German race is God. Pope Pius XI in the Encyclical of March 
14th, 1937, On the Condition of the Church in Germany, has stated 
it unequivocally. In that Letter, every word of which — so the 
Sovereign Pontiff assured his readers — was weighed in the scales 
of truth and charity, we read : "While it is true that the race or the 
people, the State or a particular form of government, the repre- 
sentatives of the civil power, or other fundamental elements of 
human society have an essential and honourable place in the nat- 
ural order, nevertheless, if anyone detaches them from this scale 
of earthly values and exalts them as the supreme norm and stand- 
ard of all things, even of religious values, deifying them with 
idolatrous worship, he perverts and falsifies the order of things 
created and constituted by God, and is far from true faith in God 
and from a conception of life in conformity therewith . . . our 
God is the personal God, transcendent, almighty, infinitely perfect, 
One in the Trinity of Persons and Three in the Unity of the Di- 
vine Essence, Creator of the Universe, Lord, King and ultimate 
purpose of the history of die world, Who does not suffer and can 

58 



never suffer any other divinity beside Him . . . only superficial 
minds can fall into the error of speaking of a national God, of a 
national religion, of foolishly attempting to restrict within the 
narrow confines of a single race, that God, Who is the Creator of 
the world, the King and Lawgiver of all peoples, before Whose 
greatness the nations are as small as drops of water in a bucket." — 
(Isaias xl, 15.) 

One or two phrases from Rosenberg's book, The Myth of the 
Twentieth Century, 1 will show how accurately Pope Pius XI diag- 
nosed the error which is the root principle of the deviations from 
order in present-day Germany. "The racebound national soul" he 
writes, "is the measure of all our thoughts, aspirations of will and 
deeds, the final criterion of our values." Again, "Right is the ex- 
pression of the exigencies of blood and race ... a right holds 
good in the measure in which it puts itself at the service of the 
race." Accordingly, the moment Catholics in Germany and Aus- 
tria leave the church after Mass, they find society in the process 
of organisation on the principle that the highest form of life is 
German national life, not the Divine life of Sanctifying Grace. 
German blood is higher and nobler than Sanctifying Grace, par- 
ticipation in the Inner Life of the Blessed Trinity, won for us by 
Our Lord's obedience unto death. Hence it will claim to organise 
life and morality. The German member of Christ is, therefore, 
faced with a terrible conflict, for this deification of the German 
Race and Blood will inevitably and logically lead to persecution, 
not only of Jewish naturalism, with its practical deification of the 
Jewish Race, but also of Catholic Supernaturalism. 

Pope Pius XI in his Letter of 14th March, 1937, On the Condi- 
tion of the Church in Germany, and the German Bishops in their 
Joint Pastoral Letter of 19th August, 1938, bear witness to the 
intensity of this persecution of the Catholic Church in Germany. 
It is well to quote at some length from these authoritative pro- 
nouncements, in view of such statements as the following from 
Herr Hitler, in the Reichstag on January 30th, 1939 : "No one in 
Germany has so far been persecuted for his religious views, nor 
will any one be persecuted on that account. . . . But the National- 



Rosenberg may be styled the theorician of the Nazi reaction. By a decree 
of the Hitlerite Government of January 31st, 1934, he was given the charge 
of controlling the intellectual and philosophical formation of the Nazi party. 

59 



Socialist State will ruthlessly make clear to those of the clergy 
who, instead of being God's ministers, regard it as their mission 
to speak insultingly of our present Reich, its organisations or its 
leaders, that no one will tolerate a destruction of this State. . . . 
There can only be political reasons for other countries, and for 
certain democratic statesmen in particular, to take up the cudgels 
on behalf of individual German clergymen, for these same states- 
men were silent when hundreds of thousands of priests were 
butchered or burnt in Russia ; they were silent, when in Spain tens 
of thousands of priests and nuns were massacred with bestial 
cruelty and burnt alive. ... It was just because of such butchery 
that numerous National- Socialist and Fascist volunteers placed 
themselves at the disposal of General Franco in order to help him 
in his efforts to prevent the Bolshevik lust for blood from spread- 
ing over Europe and over the greater part of the civilised world. 
It was anxiety for European culture and for real civilisation which 
compelled Germany to take sides in the fight carried on in National 
Spain against the Bolshevik destroyer. It does not say much for 
the mentality predominant in various countries which cannot con- 
ceive of such a step being taken for purely unselfish reasons. How- 
ever, National- Socialist Germany sympathised with General 
Franco's uprising out of a sincere desire to see him succeed in 
delivering his country from the danger which at one time had 
threatened to engulf Germany herself. Thus it cannot be sympathy 
or pity for God's persecuted ministers, which mobilises the interest 
of democratic citizens for individual clergymen in conflict with 
the law, but rather an interest in the enemy of the German State. 
Let one thing, however, be borne in mind in this connection : we 
shall protect the German clergy in their capacity as God's minis- 
ters; but we shall destroy members of the clergy who are the 
enemies of the German Reich." 1 Herr Hitler affirms that Catho- 
lics are not being persecuted in Germany for their religion. Let us 
now hear what the Pope and the German Bishops have to say on 
the subject. 

In his Letter of 14th March, 1937, On the Condition of the 
Church in Germany, Pope Pius XI wrote to the German Bishops 
as follows: "In your districts, Venerable Brethren, voices are 

iThis extract is taken from News from Germany, April, 1939. This is 
a pro-Nazi Bulletin, circulated from Germany. The special number quoted 
from dealt with The Church in Germany. 

60 



raised in ever louder chorus urging men to leave the Church. 
Among the spokesmen there are many, who by reason of their 
official position seek to create the impression that leaving the 
Church, and the disloyalty to Christ the King which it entails, is 
a particularly convincing and meritorious form of profession of 
loyalty to the present State. With cloaked and with manifest 
methods of coercion, by intimidation, by holding out the prospect 
of economic, professional, civic and other advantages, the loyalty 
of Catholics and especially of certain classes of Catholic officials 
to their faith is put under a pressure that is as unlawful as it is 
unworthy of human beings. All our fatherly sympathy and deep- 
est condolence We offer to those who pay so high a price for their 
fidelity to Christ and the Church. . . . We address a particularly 
heartfelt greeting to Catholic parents. Their God-given rights and 
duties in education are this present moment at the very centre of a 
struggle which could not conceivably be fraught with graver con- 
sequences for the future. The Church of Christ cannot wait until 
her altars have been overthrown, until sacrilegious hands have set 
the houses of God on fire, before she begins to mourn and lament. 
When the attempt is made to desecrate the tabernacle of a child's 
soul sanctified in baptism, by an education that is hostile to Christ; 
when from this living temple of God the eternal lamp of belief in 
Christ is cast out and in its place is brought the false light of a sub- 
stitute faith that has nothing in common with the faith of the 
Cross. . . . then it is the duty of every professing Christian to keep 
his conscience clear of any culpable co-operation in such dreadful 
work and corruption. The more the opponents are at pains to deny 
and gloss over their dark intentions, all the more is a vigilant dis- 
trust called for, and distrustful vigilance that has been aroused by 
bitter experience. The formal maintaining of religious instruction, 
especially when controlled and shackled by those who are not com- 
petent, in the framework of a school that in other departments 
systematically and invidiously works against the same religion, 
can never be a justification for a believing Christian to give his 
free approval to such a school that aims at destroying religion. 
We know, beloved Catholic parents, that there can be no question 
of such willingness on your part." 

In their Pastoral Letter of August 19th, 1938, the Bishops of 
Germany are quite explicit on the subject of the deadly persecu- 
tion aimed at the destruction of the Catholic Church in Germany. 
Their affirmations are in open contradiction with the Fuhrer's 

61 



assertions. "In our previous pastoral letters," their Lordships 
write, "we have often spoken of the struggle that is forced upon 
us. We have to point out to-day that hostilities have not ceased 
but, that, on the contrary, acts of aggression are on the increase 
and the end aimed at is clearly manifest. What is aimed at is not 
merely the checking of the growth of Catholicism but the destruc- 
tion of the Catholic Church, the wiping out of Christianity and 
the setting up in its place of a religion which is utterly alien to the 
Christian belief in the One True God, 

"It is true that the practice of the Catholic religion is still free, 
but every effort is made to keep Catholic youth away from Church 
services, by stigmatising the profession of the faith as a cause 
of division among the German people. . . . The Church is accused 
of having secret personal and political relations with Bolshevik 
Russia. This accusation is maintained in spite of the Encyclicals 
and the broadcasts of the Holy Father on Communism and even 
in spite of the statements of leading Bolsheviks. ... To those who 
assert that the persecutions of which we have been and are still 
the object are only logical reactions and indispensable defensive 
measures on the part of the government of new Germany, in face 
of the refusal of Catholics and their Pastors to be incorporated 
into the new State, we reply as follows : We, the Bishops of Ger- 
many, have often made public profession of our loyal attachment 
to our people and to the nation's new constitution, and we have 
conscientiously accomplished our duties as citizens. But we want 
to proclaim openly that several of the leaders of the new move- 
ment do not want to come to any agreement with the Catholic 
Church and its representatives, either because the fundamental 
principles of the new faith are opposed thereto or because the turn 
of events has brought into control anti-Catholic elements who are 
eager for the destruction of the Catholic Church. . . . The recent 
attacks on the Bishop of Rottenburg, Dr. Sproll, clearly prove that 
the persecution is directed not only against the Catholic Church 
but against the whole Christian idea as such. Christianity is con- 
sidered as one of the last relics of a long-distant past, and as so 
much useless lumber in our day. According to the principles set 
forth in the Racial Laws, the person and the life of Jesus Christ 
are in contradiction with the German ideal of humanity. The 
principles of His teaching and, in particular, the dogmas of Orig- 
inal Sin and Redemption, of reward and punishment after death, 
are said to be drawn from the superstitious legends of barbarous 

62 



peoples who imposed their beliefs on the Germans by force. Im- 
bued with these principles, young people in different parts of the 
country took it upon themselves to clear the public places of the 
crucifix, the symbol of Christianity. They went so far as to de- 
stroy very ancient Calvaries, taking no account of the artistic value 
of several among them. . . . While the Catholic Church is strug- 
gling against its sworn enemy, the Bolshevik Anti-Christ . . . 
certain members of the government want to brand the Church as 
the enemy of the nation and prepare its destruction systematically. 
.... Can it not already be seen that the unity of the nation is 
undermined by the Government's persecution of religion? The 
pretext put forward for the attack on religious beliefs is the 
anxiety to prevent the divisions and weakness inevitably resulting 
from religious differences. It seems to be forgotten that the 
struggle of anti-Christians against Christianity is a source of still 
greater weakness. . . . An attempt is being made to get rid of the 
Christian God in order to replace Him by a "German God." What 
does a "German God" mean? Is he different from the god of 
other peoples? If so, then there must be a special god for each 
nation and for each people. This is the same as saying that there 

is no God An official statement has been made to the effect 

that a creative God is unacceptable. . . . Thus the concept of the 
One True God is denied and replaced by that of a god derived 
from racial theory. . . . The fate of these systems is well known. 
They disappear as quickly as they arise and simply lead to an 
increase in the numbers of unbelievers." Herr Hitler's Pronounce- 
ment of January 30th, 1939, is in flagrant contradiction with the 
statements of Pope Pius XI and the German Hierarchy. 

The German reaction against Judaeo-Masonic Internationalism, 
then, represents the deification of the German Race in opposition 
to the Jewish deification of the Jewish Race. What are the cur- 
rents that have come together to give birth to this disordered re- 
action? They are many and varied. Two of them are specially 
noteworthy. There is the current coming from the philosophy of 
Kant, Fichte and Hegel, according to which the German mind is 
the one destined to mould Europe and the world. Kant carried out 
the "Copernican revolution" of making things conform to the 
human mind instead of the human mind seeking to grasp the 
objective order of the world. Fichte insisted that the elaboration 
of the social and, of course, of the moral order of the world was 

63 



to be chiefly the work of the German mind. According to Fichte, 
the living God is Humanity and the German mind is the self- 
consciousness of God. In the evolution of the Humanity-God, one 
state or people always leads the van, according to Hegel. Greece 
and Rome led the ancient world. In Europe to-day there is a 
Chosen People to carry on the development of the world — the Ger- 
man Race. To that current another joins itself, namely, the one 
that comes from the French writer, Gobineau, and from the 
Englishman, H. St. Chamberlain. According to them, purity of 
blood and race is the great principle of progress for humanity, 
not only of phvsicial but of mental and moral progress. Accord- 
ingly, to mould the world, the indispensable element is the purity 
of the German blood and race. Thus we have the broad outlines 
of the preparation of Rosenberg's theories. For Rosenberg all 
Jewish blood is poisoned. That the blood of Our Lord Jesus 
Christ, communicated to Him by His Immaculate Jewish Mother, 
should be the source to men of their most real Life, the Super- 
natural Life of Grace, infinitely more noble than mere racial or 
national life, even German and Aryan, would seem to Rosenberg 
utter folly. 1 Rosenberg's dictum "once and for all, the so-called 
Old Testament must be abolished as a book of religion' 1 is con- 
demned, in the Letter On the Condition of the Church in Ger- 
many, in terms which bring out at the same time the terrible op- 
position of Jewish Naturalism to the Mystical Body of Christ 
"Anyone, therefore," writes Pope Pius XI, "who wishes to have 
banished from the Church and from the school the Bible history 
and the wise teachings of the Old Testament blasphemes against 
the word of God and against Almighty God's plan of salvation, 
and sets up as judge of the divine plans a narrow and limited hu- 
man mode of thought. He forsakes faith in Christ who appeared 
in the reality of His Flesh, who took humanity of a people that 
was later to nail Him to the cross. He understands nothing of the 
world drama of the Son of God, who to the crime of His crucifier9 
opposed the divine action of His redemptive death which, as High 
Priest, He offered for us, and so caused the Old Testament to find 
its fulfilment, its purpose and its sublime exaltation in the New.'* 

Behind this deification of the German Race, there are also 



1 Cf. Propositions condemned in the Letter of the Sacred Congregation 
for Seminaries and Universities, 13th April, 1938. 

64 



various secret forces. Freemasonry means the acceptance of pan- 
theism and the deification of man. 1 It is pantheistic in its sym- 
bolism and in its inner or esoteric signification, so German Free- 
masonry, both Grand Orient and Prussian, has contributed to the 
preparation of the present mental aberration. In the previous 
edition of this pamphlet I insisted upon this, and I added that 
Hitler suppressed the Grand Orient Lodges but that the Prussian 
Grand Lodges, which never admitted Jews to membership and re- 
mained strictly nationalist, simply transformed themselves into 
Orders of Chivalry with a purely German symbolism. I have since 
been assured that they also were suppressed. Is that suppression 
merely on the surface and akin to the closing of the Masonic 
Lodges during the French Revolution when their members were 
proceeding to action ? It is difficult to know exactly. It is certain 
that the "German Christian" attempt to introduce the neo-pagan- 
ism of "the German Faith" into the Protestant Church follows 
exactly the lines indicated in the declarations of the three Prussian 
Grand Lodges, quoted in The Mystical Body of Christ in the Mod- 
ern World, pp. 311, 312. 2 It is also certain that behind all the at- 
tempts of the German Government is the intention of moulding 
Christianity according to the ideas formulated by the German Chris- 
tians. 3 It seems to me that the hatred of the Supernatural Life of 
Grace displayed by the Hitlerite government indicates the pres- 
ence of a satanically inspired group such as Masonry. The in- 



1 For the proofs of this, see The Mystical Body of Christ in the Modern 
World, passim, especially Appendix VI, pp. 346-351. 

2 An extract from the minutes of the assembly of the Prussian Grand- 
Masters held on 16th February, 1924, is there reproduced. At that reunion, 
a common statement was drawn up to the effect that the three Prussian 
Grand Lodges stood for "a German and Christian view of life (auf dem 
Boden deutscher und christlicher Anschauung), . . . We insist on these 
convictions as well as upon the respect of the rights of others, because we 
are persuaded that there is no universal Humanitarian Ideal and that, just 
as every personality has its root in race, only boundless love of and fidelity 
to one's race can develop personality . . ." 

8 The book, The New Racial Paganism, translated from the Italian of 
Mario Bendiscioli, by George D. Smith (Burns, Oates and Washbourne) 
contains a striking confirmation of these views, though there is no allusion 
to Freemasonry, Prussian or other, in the book. The little book quoted in 
the previous edition of this pamphlet, namely Les Forces Occultes en 
Allemagne, by H. du Mesnil-Thoret, contains an extraordinary amount of 
useful information in a few pages. 

65 



fluence of the Germanic Secret Society known as Die Heilige 
Vehme (The Holy Tribunal) may suffice to explain some things 
though not all, but again it is difficult to get authentic information 
about this also. Besides those forces, the Freundeskreis of Hugen- 
berg, one of the apostles of Pan-Germanism, and the famous 
Abteilung drei, which corresponds to the English Intelligence 
Service, have been important factors in the preparation of the 
present regime. 

We must, however, carefully distinguish between the anti-super- 
natural character of the Hitlerite government and the efforts of 
the same government to set the German people free from the 
domination of international money-lenders. The deification of the 
German Blood and Race is in flagrant opposition to the Divine 
Plan for order through the Mystical Body of Christ and inevitably 
leads to systematic persecution of splendid Catholic families. The 
Prussian tradition of ruthless military aggrandisement is a per- 
petual menace to peace. But we must be just, nevertheless, in spite 
of the Nazi Party's hatred of Christ the King, and remember that 
it took the Nazi revolution to abrogate the clause in the constitu- 
tion of the Reich by which "the president of the Reichsbank, Dr. 
Hans Luther, was secured in his position, so that he could not be 
removed without his own consent and a majority vote of the 
Board of the Bank of International Settlements." 1 

Since the Great War twenty-six Central Banks have been 
founded, after the model of the Federal Reserve Bank of the 
United States, Mr. Paul Warburg's creation, 2 and have been 
gradually "attempting to set up a central body which will acknowl- 
edge no authority above it on this planet. ... If this is ever 
effected, there can be no doubt that the Bank for International 
Settlements will then be in as autocratic a position with regard to 
world finance as the Bank of England is now in with regard to 
British finance. This bankers' dream would certainly make a 

M» Analysis of Usury, by Jeffrey Mark, p. 211. 

2 Mr. Paul Warburg was a German Jew and became an American subject 
only a few years before he created the Federal Reserve Bank in 1913. Cf. 
All These Things, by A. N. Field, pp. 4, 5. 

At a conference of international bankers at Genoa, in 1922, it was resolved 
that: "in countries where there is no central bank of issue, one should be 
established." 

66 



'stable' banking system for the world. With the whole of the 
world's gold stocks centralised, and with each country's internal 
banking system co-ordinated under an all-powerful central bank, 
bank crashes and bank 'runs' (whether on a localised or national 
scale) would be impossible: an illusory gold backing to a world 
currency could be successfully maintained, and international gold 
tokens issued and 'redeemed' in any quantities which suited the 
policy of the board of the World Bank. At the same time, all hope 
of freedom and plenty — for the individual, for industry, and for 
nations — would automatically disappear, and the world would be 
relentlessly driven into complete idolatry under an international 
gold-idol." 1 Against this process of reduction to financial slavery, 
the Hitlerite government is struggling. As Wyndham Lewis puts 
it : "What Herr Hitler is required to do is to merge Germany in 
the league of monopolist States." 2 When Hitler is exhorted to 
make a contribution to peace, Wyndham Lewis goes so far as to 
say that it really means: "the peace-loving nations are more 
heavily-armed than you are, Herr Hitler, and have at their back 
unlimited resources, and they will unquestionably make war on 
you, if you do not submit to their will, and if you persist in going 
on with this Sovereign State stuff." And we must always bear 
in mind that Marxism, as we have seen in the Foreword, is an 
instrument of International Finance as well as Capitalism. The 
end of the war between the "Democracies" and "Fascism" may see 
the process of reducing the world to slavery definitively achieved, 
or at least considerably advanced, and the reign of the natural 
messias inaugurated, by the installation of a Communist or semi- 



^An Analysis of Usury, by Jeffrey Mark, pp. 214, 215. 

2 Count Your Dead; They Are Alive I p. 318. 

When the Federal Reserve Bank had been a few years in existence, in 
1916, to be precise, President Woodrow Wilson thus summed up the situa- 
tion in U.S.A. : "A great industrial nation is controlled by its system of 
credit. Our system of credit is concentrated. The growth of the nation, 
therefore, and all our activities are in the hands of a few men. . . . We 
have come to be one of the worst ruled, one of the most completely con- 
trolled and dominated Governments in the civilised world — no longer a Gov- 
ernment by conviction and the free vote of the majority, but a Government 
by the opinion and duress of small groups of dominant men." That is what 
"democracy" means, and it is a good description of the system which the 
Board of International Settlements has been quietly setting up all over the 
world. Cf. Wealth, Virtual Wealth, and Debt, by Professor Soddy, pp. 
290 et seq. 

67 



Communist regime controlled by the Rulers of Russia. This con- 
flict, like all others, is simply a subsidiary phase of the conflict 
waged by Satan against the Supernatural Messias and the Mass. 

In the meantime, "the problem facing the totalitarian (or 
Tascist') States is different from the bristling difficulties of the 
'democracies/ The latter have enormous potential wealth, which 
their money system, based on the Gold Standard, does not permit 
them to distribute, and so this wealth is either sabotaged or not 
produced. Whereas the former are faced with a real shortage of 
wealth, owing to possessing limited overseas investments and con- 
trolling very limited access to raw materials. This, particularly, 
applies to Germany. However, under a system of money based 
upon production, wonders are being accomplished with what can 
be produced from the soil, together with the results accruing from 
a reduced foreign trade, carried on frequently by barter because 
of a world-organised Jewish boycott of exports. It is for this 
reason that we see so many currency restrictions in Germany. Her 
credits built up abroad must be carefully parcelled out between the 
varying needs of her ordinary import trade, those of re-armament, 
etc."* 

In The Mystical Body of Christ in the Modern World (Third 
Edition, pp. 310 et seq.) I gave a long quotation from the Viennese 
Catholic Weekly, Schbnere Zukunft, to show the enormous extent 
of Jewish influence in Germany. "To-day," wrote Dr. Eberle, the 
distinguished Editor of that paper, in 1932, "Catholics are almost 
completely silent about the question of Judaism, though Jewish 
influence, not only in Russia, Hungary, Poland, France, England, 
America and Austria, but also in Germany, has attained a degree 
of power and might, altogether out of proportion to the number 
of Jews in the total populations of these countries. Three-fourths 
of the large Banking concerns, at the head of which we must place 
the four big D. Banks — Deutsche Bank, Darmstadter Bank, Disk- 
onto-Gesellschaft and Dresdener Bank — three-fourths of the big 
exchanges, including those of Berlin, Frankfort and Hamburg; 
three-fourths of the principal commercial enterprises, including 
those of Karstadt, Tietz and Werheim ; three-fourths of the lead- 
ing newspapers, of the publishing firms, of the telegraphic and 



1 H. T. Mills, Money, Politics and the Future, p. 6. 

68 



advertising agencies, of the groups controlling theatres and cin- 
emas, are Jewish. In Austria, matters are still worse. Of course, 
there are still many non-Jewish industrial magnates, but they are 
becoming more and more subservient to banks directed by Jews. 
. . . And yet Catholics, in great measure, keep silence about the 
matter. This silence is, in part, due to ignorance, especially in the 
provinces. But it is also due to an already existing dependence on 
Jews. Three-fourths of the Christian newspapers would be re- 
duced to two-thirds or even one-half of their present size, if they 
were compelled to give up the advertisements of Jewish shops 
and banks, and Jewish advertisements would not be forthcoming 
if the Jewish question were treated of ." 1 



The reaction against this intellectual and economic domination of 
the Jewish nation, instead of turning in the direction of the Mys- 
tical Body of Christ, in which Germany was once united with the 
rest of Europe, has turned in the direction of a materialist Nat- 
uralism. The triumph of this Naturalism over the Supernatural 
Life of the Mystical Body, by the annexation of Austria, was 
allowed to take place, without much opposition from the countries 
under the influence of Masonic Naturalism. On the annexation 
of Czecho-Slovakia, a Masonic creation due to the intrigues of 
Masaryk and Benes, and the link between the Rulers of Russia 
and Western Europe, Russia, which had signed a treaty of mutual 
help with Czecho-Slovakia in 1935, did all she could to promote 
war. War was, however, averted in September, 1938. It has 
broken out in September, 1939. What are the factors that have 
contributed thereto? Hitler's threats of force against Poland 
coming after a number of others in the traditional Prussian style, 
the determination of the financiers of the Bank of International 
Settlements to crush revolt against their monetary system, the 
desire of the Judaeo-Masonic forces for revenge on the Hitlerite 
regime, the determination of the Catholic Poles not to yield except 
to force, Russia's readiness to promote conflict in Europe and at 
the same time to repeat history with regard to Poland, all these 



iThe domination of the Jewish Nation in Germany was favoured by the 
humanitarian Grand Orient Lodges. The Prussian Lodges never admitted 
Jews to membership. 

69 



factors have played their part. 1 The action of the Hitlerite gov- 
ernment is not only favouring Satan's schemes by being natural- 
istic and anti-supernatural in Germany, but looks like playing into 
his hands by enabling the Rulers of Russia to look forward to 
grand-scale preparations for the reign of the New Messias. In 
Stalin's words already quoted: "according to the doctrine of 
Marx-Engels-Lenin all war truly generalised should terminate 
automatically by revolution." 

The Return to Order 

In Das Konigtum Christi in Europa (The Kingship of Christ 
in Europe), by Dr. Kurt Ziesche, Professor in the University 
of Breslau, we read: "In the French Revolution of 1789, a 
European attack on Christianity was for the first time directed 
openly and definitely at the very point which Judaism had been 
assailing for 1800 years. The attack struck at the very essence 
of Catholicism, We Christians call it the supernatural, that is, 
the order of the Inner Life of the Blessed Trinity. For Jewry 
it is pagan mythology draped in Oriental Mysticism. The Jew 
maintains that the pure natural religion of the prophets has been 
corrupted by it ... In 1789, the (then) most cultured nation 
in Europe quite openly and frankly took the Jewish side. Thus, 
as the influence of the French Revolution extended, there dis- 
appeared from Christian Europe what had hitherto been the 
deciding factor in its opposition to Judaism, and Jewish forces 
henceforward openly took their part in the development of Euro- 
pean culture. In a short time they became the leaders therein and 
to-day they practically have the field to themselves. Judaism con- 
ceived as a natural religion is undoubtedly at the present moment 



x Mr. Arnold Leese in elaborating the influence of the financial factor is 
The Fascist (May, 1939), points out that the Prudential Assurance Com- 
pany, which has £535,000 in Jew-controlled Imperial Chemical Industries, 
and £179,000 in the Jewish chain-stores of Marks and Spencer, is deeply 
interested in Poland. It owns the Prudential Assurance Company of War- 
saw, which in turn is interlocked with the Utilities Corporation (Poland) 
Ltd., the Power and Traction Finance Co. (Poland) Ltd., the British and 
German Trust, the British Overseas Bank, and the Mid-European Corpora- 
tion. These companies, he says, are largely Jewish, and particularly the 
British and German Trust, which is managed by Helbert Wagg and Co. 
He adds that The Times, 4th April, 1939, p. 15, stated that "Jews are the 
chief owners of urban real estate in Poland." 

70 



the strongest force in moulding the mind of Europe and the 
world . . . When we come to examine the dominant philosophies 
of life in the world to-day we find that it is not the Christian out- 
look which fashions the minds and determines the conduct of 
men : it is rather the Jewish mentality. The strong clear-cut stand- 
point of supernatural Christianity is by now restricted to a small 
portion of humanity. The Life of Grace still communicates to 
many millions of men the peace of heart required to suffer and 
endure, but the dominant attitude towards life, as manifested in 
the thoughts, actions and general behaviour of the white nations, 
is frankly Jewish and is the product of whatever remnant of 
idealism is to be found in Judaism. That is the saddest point in 
the whole business." Dr. Ziesche, in 1926, when his book 
appeared, looked for a supernatural reaction from the German 
Catholic Right Wing. Instead, there has come a naturalistic 
national reaction. 

Wherever, since 1789, the influence of the French Revolution 
has penetrated, States have declared that they have no duty to 
acknowledge the one true supernatural religion which God Him- 
self came down to teach men. Thus, States have openly renounced 
the side of our Divine Lord in the struggle between Him and 
Satan. "He that is not with me, is against me: and he that 
gathereth not with me, scattereth." (St. Matth. xii, 30). This 
is social apostasy. "Never to have known Jesus Christ in any 
way," writes Pope Leo XIII, "is the greatest of misfortunes, but 
it involves no perversity or ingratitude. But after having known 
Him, to reject or forget Him, is such a horrible and mad crime 
as to be scarcely credible." 1 Having renounced social acknowledg- 
ment of truth and order, States have placed all forms of error on 
the same level as the Mystical Body of Christ, and as a necessary 
corollary, Jews, who are preparing for the advent of the natural 



Encyclical Letter, Tometsi, Christ our Redeemer. 

71 



messias, have been admitted as full citizens of the once Christian 
States. 1 They have profited by their citizenship to eliminate the 
influence of the Supernatural Messias, as is inevitable, for the 
process of imposition of their natural national form means at 
the same time the elimination of that supernatural life they reject 
so obstinately. 

Here it will be well, for the sake of clearness, to contrast the 
Jewish idea of citizenship with the Catholic ideal. Owing to their 
messianic aspirations, that is, to their looking forward to a 
messianic era to be achieved through the dominating influence of 
their nation over the others, the members of the Jewish nation 
retain their primary allegiance to their own nation, when becom- 
ing citizens of other states and nations. As members of their own 
"messianic" nation, they must strive for the domination of their 
nation over others, as thus alone, they hold, justice and peace 
can be achieved on earth. The Jew would fail in his duty to the 
Messias to come if he did not subordinate the interests of other 
nations to his own. The Catholic Church, the Mystical Body of 
Christ, seeks to draw all nations into the unity of that Body so 
that Christ may relive His Life to the full in the citizens of every 
nation. But the Catholic Church, being supra-national and super- 
natural, does not aim at the obliteration of national characteristics 
and qualities by the imposition of a national form, but at their 
harmonious development by the elimination of the defects due 
to original sin. Our Lord Jesus Christ, in and through the 
Catholic Church, aims at showing forth to the world the resplend- 
ent qualities of the English, French, Irish, German, American, 
etc, member of Christ. Catholic saints are all convinced that the 



*A typical example of the influence of the French Revolution is to be 
found in Article 44 of the new Irish Constitution. According to Section 1 
of that article, the State recognises the special position of the Catholic 
Church as the Church of the great majority of the citizens, and the State 
also recognises the Church of Ireland, the Presbyterian Church in Ireland, 
the Methodist Church in Ireland, the Religious Society of Friends in Ire- 
land, as well as the Jewish Congregations, etc In Section 2 of that article, 
the free profession of religion is guaranteed to every citizen, subject to 
Public order and morality. But who is to decide what is truly moral? 
Suppose one of the above-mentioned religious bodies wants divorce, will it 
be rejected simply because the majority are against it or because the unity 
and indissolubility of marriage are a symbol of the unity and indissolubility 
of Christ's union with His Mystical Body? Divorce is immoral and an 
insult to our Redeemer, even if a majority can be found to vote for it 

72 



highest life in the world is not their national life — in fact their 
lives are a striking proof of the contrary — but they all know and 
teach that any act of subordination of the legitimate interests 
of the nation of which they are members to those of any other 
nation would be a sin and a failure in their duty to the Super- 
natural Messias. 

But, then, will the Catholic Church allow the practice of other 
forms of worship? Of course the Church will do so. The Catholic 
Church claims that the State shall officially acknowledge only 
truth and order, but She insists on the respect of the personal 
rights of all those who profess erroneous forms of belief. She 
has shown this admirably in her traditional attitude to the mem- 
bers of the Jewish Nation. What is this traditional attitude? It 
is to be found in the two currents running through the official 
declarations of the Holy See concerning the Jews. On the one 
hand, the Sovereign Pontiffs strive to protect the Jews from 
physical violence and to secure respect for their family life and 
their worship, as the life and worship of human persons. On the 
other hand, they aim unceasingly at protecting Christians from 
the contamination of Jewish Naturalism and try to prevent Jews 
from obtaining control over Christians. This second current has 
been lost sight of, to some extent, since the French Revolution. 
Yet Judaeo-Masonic influence in the Press and the Cinema and, 
above all, in the manipulation of Finance and Credit, is being 
steadily exercised against the doctrine of the Fall and the rule 
of Christ the King in society. Catholics need to be made familiar, 
not only with the repeated Papal condemnations of the Talmud 
but with the measures taken by the Sovereign Pontiffs to preserve 
society from the inroads of Jewish Naturalism. The Encyclical 
Letter, A Quo Primum (1751) addressed by Pope Benedict XIV 
to the Polish Hierarchy, of which a translation will be given in 
Appendix IV, is typical of the attitude of the Holy See in this 
respect. It seemed monstrous to Pope Benedict XIV that indi- 
vidual Catholics should be in danger of perversion by being ser- 
vants in Jewish families. Is it not much worse to have the whole 
social organisation of a country impelled in the direction of 
Naturalism by the financial forces of Central Banks and the Bank 
of International Settlements? The directing control of the Bank 
of England is a secret body. The efforts of the Macmillan Com- 
mittee of 1929 to throw light upon it "failed most completely . . . 
indeed, the evidence of Mr. Montague Norman is a study of 

73 



non-committal and evasive answers." 1 The same secrecy does not 
enshroud the Jewish control of gold. The representatives of three 
Gentile firms meet the representatives of three Jewish firms at 
the Rothschild office in St. Swithin's Lane every day at ten 
minutes to eleven and fix the day's price for gold. The Rothschilds 
dominate the gold market. 2 To those who remark that there are 
many Christians engaged in maintaining a monetary system that 
will not permit the distribution of real wealth, I reply that many 
of them are Freemasons and, therefore, infected with the virus 
of anti-supernaturalism and that many others are simply instru- 
ments, wholly or partly blind, of the Rulers of Russia. For 
example, Prof. Corliss Lamont, son of the Senior Partner of 
J. P. Morgan & Co., is head of the "Friends of Soviet Russia" 
and of the "American Council on Soviet Relations." 8 

To undo the effects of the French Revolution we must, there- 
fore, teach the integral truth about the Mystical Body of Christ. 
In face of Rosenberg's deification of the German race and his 
rejection of Jewish blood as poisoned, we must proclaim that 
we, who affirm that our Lord Jesus Christ, Head of the Mystical 
Body, redeemed us with Jewish blood, are spiritually descendants 
of Abraham. "We are spiritually Semites," to use Pope Pius 
XI's oft-quoted phrase. And in face of Jewish Naturalism, we 
must proclaim also the supremacy of the Supernatural Life of 
the Mystical Body over the natural life of Abraham's descendants 
as over every form of national life. With Pope Pius XI, in the 
Encyclical Quas Primas, we must battle against the mentality, 
thanks to which "by degrees the religion of Christ was put on 
the same level as false religions and placed ignominiously in the 
same category with them." The financial factor must, however, 



l Cf . Facts about the Bank of England, by A. N. Field, p. 4. 

^Britain's Jewish Problem, by M. G. Murchm, pp. 136-138. On p. 137, 
he points out that South Africa and Soviet Russia, the world's two greatest 
gold-producing countries, are controlled by Jews, and mentions the fact that 
America, the country holding a large proportion of the world's gold, is also 
partially controlled by them. 

8 "Let us be under no illusion. The Jewish spirit, which was responsible 
for the alliance of large-scale capital with Marxism and was the driving 
force behind so many anti-Spanish revolutionary agreements, will not be 
got rid of in a day. . . ." (Extract from the Victory Speech of General 
Franco, Madrid, May 19th, 1939.) 

74 



not be left out of account. If Hitler meets his Waterloo in his 
attempt to emulate Napoleon's efforts to get free from the money- 
power, we Catholics in the "democracies" shall be exposed to 
another form of attack. Under a monetary system in which real 
wealth is either destroyed or not produced, in order to keep up 
prices and thus enable private money-creators to collect interest 
for the creation of the medium of exchange, the propertyless 
masses will sooner or later be hurled against the Church and the 
religious orders. Accordingly, strongly as we must condemn the 
horrible persecution of the Catholic Church in Germany, we ought 
not to allow our expressions of condemnation of the Hitlerite 
anti-supernatural programme to be construed into approve! of 
the monetary system against which he is in revolt, and which is, 
as things stand, an instrument for the propagation of Naturalism. 1 

The Naturalistic adventure upon which Europe embarked at 
the French Revolution has been disastrous for the nations of the 
West. The reaction against its Internationalism is now threaten- 
ing to prove disastrous for the Jewish Nation. A step to be 
taken to undo the naturalism of the French Revolution and, at 
the same time, prevent onslaughts on the Jews, is to withdraw 
citizenship of other States from all of them and limit them to 
citizenship of one State, their own. That State must not be 
Palestine, for the Jewish claim to Palestine is implicitly a denial 
that they have disobeyed God and missed their vocation by the 
rejection of the True Supernatural Messias. It is the assertion 
in action that the promised Messias has not yet come and that 
the day of their domination over the world will yet dawn. That 
way lies disaster, because all their naturalistic attempts to impose 
their will on God instead of accepting His, will involve the Jewish 
nation in further dire catastrophes. 2 



!Has not Pope Pius XI in Quadragesimo Anno denounced International 

Imperialism which derides^ the idea oipatria or native land and holds that, 
where a man's "cash-box" is, there is his country? 

For Napoleon's struggle against the money-lenders, cf. The Mind of 
Napoleon, by R. McNair Wilson. 

s It is not necessary to stress^ the fact that the Arabs have a natural right 
to the country they have occupied for the last thirteen hundred years. Have 
the Danes a claim to England now, because they were masters of the country 
a thousand years ago? 

75 



The cause of Christ the King is terribly hampered in the modern 
world because many Catholics do not understand the meaning 
or see the harm of Naturalism. To take one example, they are 
so accustomed to having all religions placed on the same level 
that they are incapable of realising how Satan gloats over the 
insult to God involved therein. The world's apology to the Blessed 
Trinity for that insult, namely, the return to the unity of the 
Mystical Body, is delayed by the fact that naturalistic compromises 
are accepted, as if they were full settlements of the Divine claims, 
and the integral truth is not proclaimed. "When an organism 
decays and becomes corrupt," wrote Pope Leo XIII, "it is because 
it has ceased to be under the action of the causes which had 
given it its form and constitution. To make it healthy and flourish- 
ing again it is necessary to restore it to the vivifying action of 
those same causes. So modern society, in its foolhardy effort to 
escape from God, has rejected the supernatural order and revela- 
tion; and it has thus withdrawn itself from the salutary efficacy 
of Christianity. . . . This sacrilegious divorce has resulted in 
bringing about the trouble which now disturbs the world. Hence 
it is the pale of the Church which this lost society must re-enter, 
if it wishes to recover its well-being, its repose, and its salvation. 
. . . But the return of Christianity will not be efficacious and com- 
plete if it does not restore the world to a sincere love of the one 
Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church. In the Catholic Church 
Christianity is incarnate. It is identified with that perfect, spiritual 
and, in its own order, sovereign society, which is the Mystical 
Body of Jesus Christ and which has for its visible head the 
Roman Pontiff, successor to the Prince of the apostles. . . . 
Legitimate dispenser of the teachings of the Gospel it does not 
reveal itself only as the consoler and redeemer of souls, but it 
is still more the unfailing (eternal) source of justice and charity, 
and the propagator as well as the guardian of true liberty, and 
of that equality which alone is possible here below. . . . The 
equality which it proclaims does not destroy the distinction be- 
tween the different social classes. . . . The liberty which it bestows 

76 



in no wise conflicts with the rights of truth, because the rights 
of truth are superior to the demands of liberty. Nor does it 
infringe upon the rights of Justice, because the rights of Justice 
are superior to the claims of mere numbers or force. Neither does 
it impugn the rights of God, because they are superior to the 
rights of man." 1 

It is contrary to the order and finality of the world to abandon 
the struggle for the return of States to Christ the King. To aid 
in that return, by showing the ultimate practical consequences 
of the fatal step taken at the French Revolution and which has 
since been more or less accepted, to the exclusion of any higher 
ideal, is the object of this book. "I am Alpha and Omega, the 
beginning and the end, saith the Lord God" (Apoc. i, 8). 



APPENDIX IV 
POPE BENEDICT XIV AND THE JEWISH QUESTION 

Encyclical Letter of Pope Benedict XIV 2 to the Primate Archbishops 
and Bishops of Poland, concerning what is Forbidden to Jews 
Dwelling in the same towns and districts as Christians. 3 

Venerable Brethren 

Health and Apostolic Benediction. 

Through God's great goodness the foundations of our Holy 
Catholic Religion were first laid in the Kingdom of Poland 

l Apostolic Letter of March 19th, 1902. 

2 1740-1758. 

Wullarium Romanum, Vol. 26, pp. 297-300. The Letter is officially desig- 
nated as A quo primum. It was sent in the year 1751. 

This Letter has been translated with the kind collaboration of Rev. S. 
Rigby. 

77 



towards the end of the tenth century, under Our Predecessor Leo 
VIII, thanks to the zealous activity of Duke Mieceslas and his 
Christian spouse, Dambrowska. So we learn from Dlugoss, the 
author of your Annals (Book II, page 94). Ever since that time, 
the Polish nation, always pious and devout, has remained un- 
shaken in her fidelity to the holy religion adopted by her, and 
has shunned with loathing every kind of sect. Thus, although the 
sects have spared no effort to get a foothold in the Kingdom, in 
order to spread therein the seeds of their errors, heresies and 
perverse opinions, the Poles have only the more staunchly and 
vigorously resisted such efforts and given still more abundant 
proofs of their fidelity. 

Let us take some examples of this fidelity. Mention must be 
made, in the first place, of the one to be considered as peculiarly 
appropriate to our purpose, and by far the most important. This 
is the spectacle, not only of the glorious memory, enshrined in 
the sacred calendar of the Church, of martyrs, confessors, virgins, 
men remarkable for their eminent sanctity, who were born, nur- 
tured, and died in the Kingdom of Poland, but also of the cele- 
bration in the same Kingdom of many councils and synods, which 
were brought to a happy issue. Thanks to the labours of these 
assemblies, a resplendent and glorious victory was won over the 
Lutherans who had tried all ways and means to obtain an entrance 
into and secure a footing in this Kingdom. For example, there 
is the great Council of Petrikau (Piotrkov) which was held dur- 
ing the Pontificate of our illustrious predecessor and fellow-towns- 
man, Gregpry XIII, 1 under the presidency of Lipomanus, Bishop 
of Verona, and Apostolic Nuncio. At this Council, to the great glory 
of God, the principle of "liberty of Conscience" was proscribed 
and definitively excluded from among the principles governing 
the public life of the Realm. 2 Then, there is the substantial vol- 
ume of the Constitutions of the Synods of the Province of Gnesen. 
In these Constitutions have been committed to writing all the wise 
and useful enactments and provisions of the Polish Bishops for 
the complete preservation of the Catholic life of their flocks from 
contamination by Jewish perfidy. These were drawn up in view 
of the fact that the conditions of the time demanded that Chris- 



U572-1585. 

2 See Translators' Note at end of Letter. 

78 



tians and Jews should dwell together in the same cities and towns. 
All this undoubtedly shows clearly and fully what glory (as We 
have already said) the Polish Nation has won for itself by pre- 
serving inviolate and intact the holy religion which its ancestors 
embraced so many centuries ago. 

Out of the many subjects of which We have just made mention 
there is none about which We feel We ought to complain except 
the last. But concerning this point We are forced to cry out tear- 
fully, "The finest colour is changed." (Lament, Jer. IV. I.) To 
put it briefly, from responsible persons whose testimony is worthy 
of credence and who are well acquainted with the state of affairs 
in Poland, and from people living in the Kingdom, who out of zeal 
for religion, have forwarded their complaints to Us and to the 
Holy See, We have learned the following facts. The number of 
Jews has greatly increased there. Thus certain localities, towns 
and cities, which were formerly surrounded by splendid walls 
(the ruins thereof bear witness to the fact), and which were inhab- 
ited by a great number of Christians, as We learn from the old 
lists and registers still extant, are now in an ill-kept and filthy 
condition, peopled by a great number of Jews, and almost bereft 
of Christians. Besides, there is in the same Kingdom a certain 
number of parishes of which the Catholic population has dimin- 
ished considerably. The consequence is that the revenue forth- 
coming from such parishes has dwindled so greatly that they are 
in imminent peril of being left without priests. Moreover, all the 
trade in articles in general use, such as liquors, and even wine, 
is also in the hands of Jews; they are allowed to have charge of 
the administration of the public funds; they have become the 
leaseholders of inns and farms and have acquired landed estates. 
In all these ways, they have acquired landlord rights over unfor- 
tunate Christian tillers of the soil, and not only do they use their 
power in a heartless and inhuman manner, imposing severe and 
painful labours upon Christians, compelling them to carry exces- 
sive burdens, but in addition, they inflict corporal punishment, 
such as blows and wounds. Hence, these unhappy people are in 
the same state of subjection to a Jew, as slaves to the capricious 
authority of their master. It is true that, in inflicting punishment, 
the Jews are obliged to have recourse to a Christian official to 
whom this function is entrusted. But, since that official is forced 
to obey the commands of the Jewish master, lest he himself be 

79 



deprived of his office, the tyrannical orders of the Jew must be 
carried out. 

We have said that the administration of public funds and 
the leasing of inns, estates and farms, have fallen into the hands 
of Jews, to the great and manifold disadvantage of Christians. 
But We must also allude to other monstrous anomalies and We 
shall see, if We examine them carefully, that they are capable 
of being the source of still greater evils and of more widespread 
ruin than those We have already mentioned. It is a matter fraught 
with very great and grave consequences that Jews are admitted 
into the houses of the nobility in a domestic and economic capacity 
to fill the office of major-domo or steward. Thus they live on 
terms of familiar intimacy under the same roof with Christians 
and continually treat them in a high-handed manner, showing 
their contempt openly. In cities and other places, Jews may be 
seen everywhere in the midst of Christians; and what is still 
more regrettable, Jews are not in the least afraid to have Chris- 
tians of both sexes in their houses attached to their service. Again, 
since the Jews are much engaged in commercial pursuits, they 
amass huge sums of money from these activities, and they proceed 
systematically to despoil the Christians of their goods and posses- 
sions, by their excessive usurious exactions. Though at the same 
time they borrow sums of money from Christians at an immod- 
erately high rate of interest, for the payment of which their syna- 
gogues serve as surety, yet their reasons for so doing are easily 
seen. First of all, they obtain money from Christians which they 
use in trade, thus making enough profit to pay the interest agreed 
upon, and at the same time increase their own wealth. Secondly, 
they gain besides as many protectors of their synagogues and 
their persons as they have creditors. 

The famous monk Radulphus was in former times carried 
away by excessive zeal and was so hostile to the Jews that, in the 
12th century, he traversed France and Germany preaching against 
them as enemies of our holy religion, and ended by inciting the 
Christians to wipe them out completely. In consequence of his 
intemperate zeal a great number of Jews were slaughtered. One 
wonders what that monk would do or say, if he were alive to-day 
and saw what is happening in Poland. The great S. Bernard 
opposed the wild excesses of Radulphus's frenzy and in his 363rd 

80 



letter, wrote to the clergy and people of Eastern France as fol- 
lows : — 

"The Jews must not be persecuted; they must not be 
slaughtered or hunted like wild animals. See what the Scrip- 
tures say about them. I know what is prophesied about the 
Jews in the Psalm; 'The Lord/ says the Church, 'has revealed 
to me His will about my enemies; Do not kill them, lest my 
people become forgetful.' They are assuredly the living signs 
that recall to our minds the Passion of the Saviour. More- 
over they have been dispersed all over the world, so that while 
paying the penalty of so great a crime, they may be wit- 
nesses to our Redemption." 

Again in his 365th letter, addressed to Henry, Archbishop of 
Mayence, he writes : — 

"Does not the Church triumph every day over the Jews in 
nobler fashion by bringing home to them their errors or 
converting them, than by slaughtering them? It is not in 
vain that the Universal Church has established all over the 
world the recitation of the prayer for the obstinately unbe- 
lieving Jews, that God may lift the veil from over their hearts, 
and lead them out of their darkness into the light of truth. 
For if she did not hope that they who do not believe may 
believe, it would seem to be foolish and purposeless to pray 
for them." 

Peter, Abbot of Cluny, wrote against Radulphus, in a similar 
strain, to Louis, King of the French. He exhorted the king not 
to allow the Jews to be slaughtered. Nevertheless, as is recorded 
in the Annals of the Venerable Cardinal Baronius under the year 
of Christ, 1 146, he at the same time urged the king to take severe 
measures against them, on account of their excesses, in particular, 
to despoil them of the goods which they had taken from the Chris- 
tians or amassed by usury, and to use the proceeds for the benefit 
and advantage of religion. 

As for Us, in this matter, as in all others, We follow the line 
of conduct adopted by Our Venerable Predecessors, the Roman 

81 



Pontiffs. Alexander III* forbade Christians, under severe penal- 
ties, to enter the service of Jews for any lengthy period or to 
become domestic servants in their households. "They ought not," 
he wrote, "to serve Jews for pay in permanent fashion." The 
same Pontiff explains the reason for this prohibition as follows : — 
"Our ways of life and those of Jews are utterly different, and 
Jews will easily pervert the souls of simple folk to their supersti- 
tion and unbelief, if such folk are living in continual and intimate 
converse with them." This quotation concerning the Jews will 
be found in the Decretal "Ad haec." Innocent III 2 after having 
mentioned that Jews were being admitted by Christians into their 
cities, warned Christians that the mode and the conditions of 
admission should be such as to prevent the Jews from returning 
evil for pjood : "When they are thus admitted out of pity into 
familiar intercourse with Christians, they repay their hosts, as 
the proverb says, after the fashion of the rat hidden in the sack, 
or the snake in the bosom, or the burning brand in one's lap." 
The same Pontiff says it is fitting for Jews to serve Christians, 
but not for Christians to serve Jews, and adds : "The sons of the 
free-woman should not serve the sons of the bond-woman. On 
the contrary, the Jews, as servants rejected by that Saviour whose 
death they wickedly contrived, should recognise themselves, in 
fact and in deed, the servants of those whom the death of Christ 
has set free, even as it has rendered them bondmen." These words 
may be read in the Decretal, "Etsi Judaeos." In like manner, in 
another Decretal, "Cum sit nimis" under the same heading, "De 
Judaeis et Saracenis" (On Jews and Saracens) he forbids public 
positions to be bestowed on Jews : "We forbid the giving of pub- 
lic appointments to Jews because they profit by the opportunities 
thus afforded them to show themselves bitterly hostile to Chris- 
tians." In his turn, Innocent IV 3 wrote to Saint Louis, King of 
the French, who was thinking of expelling the Jews from his 
domains, approving of the king's design, since the Jews did not 
observe the conditions laid down for mem by the Apostolic See: 
"We, who long with all Our heart for the salvation of souls, grant 
you full authority by these present letters to banish the above-men- 
tioned Jews, either in your own person or through the agency of 

11159-1181. 
21198-1216. 
*1243-1254. 

82 



others, especially since, as We have been informed, they do not 
observe the regulations drawn tip for them by this Holy See." 
This text can be found in Raynaldus, under the year of Christ 
1253, No. 34. 

Now, if any one should ask what is forbidden by the Apostolic 
See to Jews dwelling in the same towns as Christians, We answer 
that they are forbidden to do the very things they are allowed to 
do in the Kingdom of Poland, namely, all the things We have 
enumerated above. To be convinced of the truth of this state- 
ment, there is no need to consult a number of books. One has 
only to peruse the Section of the Decretals "De Judaeis et Sara- 
cenW* (On Jews and Saracens) and read the Constitutions of 
the Roman Pontiffs, Our Predecessors, Nicholas IV 1 ; Paul IV 2 ; 
Saint Pius V 3 ; Gregory XIII 4 ; and Clement VIII 5 , which are 
readily available as they are to be found in the Bullarium Roman- 
urn, You, however, Venerable Brethren, do not need to take 
upon yourselves even that much reading in order to see clearly 
how matters stand. You have only to go through the Statutes 
and Regulations drawn up in the Synods of your predecessors, as 
they have been most careful to include in their Constitutions every- 
thing that the Roman Pontiffs have ordained and decreed concern- 
ing this matter. 

The kernel of the difficulty, however, lies in the fact that the 
Synodal Decrees have either been forgotten or have not been car- 
ried out. It is incumbent upon you, therefore, Venerable Brethren, 
to restore them to their pristine vigour. The character of Your 
sacred office demands that you should zealously strive to have 
them enforced. It is meet and fitting, in this matter, to begin with 
the clergy, seeing that it is their duty to point out to others how 
to act rightly and to enlighten all men by their example. We are 
happy in the confidence that, by the mercy of God, the good exam- 
ple of the clergy will bring back the straying laity to the right 



11288-1294. 
21555-1559. 
•1566-1572. 

*1572-1585. 
81592-1605. 

83 



road- All this you can enjoin and command with the more ease 
and assurance because, as We have learned, from the reports of 
trustworthy and honourable men, you have not leased either your 
goods or your rights to Jews and have avoided any dealings with 
them in lending or borrowing. You are thus, so We are given to 
understand, completely free from, and unembarrassed hy t any 
business relations with them. 

The systematic mode of procedure prescribed by the sacred 
canons for exacting obedience from the refractory, in matters 
of great importance like the present, has always included the use 
of censures and the recommendation to add to the number of the 
reserved cases those which one foresees would be a proximate 
cause of danger or peril for religion. You are well aware that the 
Holy Council of Trent took every care to strengthen your author- 
ity, especially by recognizing your right to reserve cases. The 
Council did not merely refrain from limiting your right exclu- 
sively to the reservation of public crimes, but went much further, 
and extended it to the reservation of acts described as more serious 
and detestable, so long as the said acts were not purely internal. 
On divers occasions, in various decrees and circular letters, the 
Congregations of Our August Capital have laid down and decided 
that under the heading of "more serious and detestable offences" 
should be ranked those to which mankind is most prone, and 
which are detrimental to ecclesiastical discipline, or to the salva- 
tion of the souls entrusted to the pastoral care of the bishops. 
We have elaborated this point at some length in Our Treatise on 
the Diocesan Synod, Book V, Chapter V. 

We beg to assure you that every help that We can give shall 
be at your disposal to ensure success in this matter. In addition, 
to meet the difficulties that will inevitably present themselves, if 
you have to proceed against ecclesiastics exempt from your juris- 
diction, We shall give to Our Venerable Brother, the Archbishop 
of Nicea, Our Nuncio in your country, suitable instructions on 
this point, so that you may be able to obtain from him the facul- 
ties required to deal with the cases that may arise. At the same 
time, We solemnly assure you that, when a favourable oppor- 
tunity offers, We shall treat of this matter, with all the zeal and 
energy We can muster, with those by whose power and authority 
the noble Kingdom of Poland can be cleansed of this foul stain. 

84 



Do you, Venerable Brethren, first of all, beg with all the fervour 
of your soul, the help of God who is the Author of all good. 
Implore His aid also, by earnest prayer, for Us and for this Apos- 
tolic See. Embracing you in all the fulness of charity, We very 
lovingly impart, both to you and to the flocks committed to your 
care, the Apostolic Benediction. 

Given at Castel Gandolpho, 14th June, 1751, in the 11th year 
of Our Pontificate. 



TRANSLATORS' NOTE 

Pope Leo XIII on False "Liberty of Conscience." 

"And, first let us examine that liberty in individuals which is 
so opposed to the virtue of religion, namely, liberty of worship, 
as it is called. This is based on the principle that every man is 
free to profess as he may choose any religion or none. 

"But, assuredly, of all the duties which man has to fulfil, that, 
without doubt, is the highest and holiest which commands him 
to worship God with devotion and piety. This follows of neces- 
sity from the truth that we are ever in the power of God, are 
ever guided by His will and providence, and, having come forth 
from Him, must return to Him. Add to which no true virtue 
can exist without religion, for moral virtue is concerned with 
those things which lead to God as man's supreme and ultimate 
good; and, therefore, religion which (as St. Thomas says) "per- 
forms those actions which are directly and immediately ordained 
for the divine honour," 1 rules and tempers all virtues. And if it 
be asked which of the many conflicting religions it is necessary 
to adopt, reason and the natural law unhesitatingly tell us to prac- 
tise that one which God enjoins, and which men can easily recog- 
nise by certain exterior notes, whereby divine Providence has 
willed that it should be distinguished, because in a matter of such 
moment, the most terrible loss would be the consequence of error. 
Wherefore, when a liberty such as We have described is offered 
to man, the power is given him to pervert or abandon with im- 

nia, llae Q. 81, a. 6. 

85 



punity the most sacred of duties, and to exchange the unchange- 
able good for evil ; which, as We have said, is no liberty, but its 
degradation, and the abject submission of the soul to sin. 

"This kind of liberty, if considered in relation to the State, 
clearly implies that there is no reason why the State should offer 
any homage to God, or should desire any public recognition of 
Him ; that no one form of worship is to be preferred to another, 
but that all stand on an equal footing, no account being taken of 
the religion of the people, even if they profess the Catholic faith. 
But, to justify this, it must needs be held as true that the State 
has no duties towards God, or that such duties, if they exist, can 
be abandoned with impunity, both of which assertions are mani- 
festly false. For it cannot be doubted but that, by the will of 
God, men are united in civil society; whether its component parts 
be considered; or its form, which implies authority; or the object 
of its existence; or the abundance of the vast services which it 
renders to man. God it is who has made man for society, and 
has placed him in the company of others like himself, so that what 
was wanting to his nature, and beyond his attainment, if left to 
his own resources, he might obtain by association with others. 
Wherefore civil society must acknowledge God as its Founder and 
Parent, and must obey and reverence His power and authority. 
Justice, therefore, forbids, and reason itself forbids, the State to 
be godless ; or to adopt a line of action which would end in god- 
lessness — namely, to treat the various religions (as they call them) 
alike, and to bestow upon them promiscuously equal rights and 
privileges. Since, then, the profession of one religion is necessary 
in the State, that religion must be professed which alone is true, 
and which can be recognized without difficulty, especially in Cath- 
olic States, because the marks of truth are, as it were, engraven 
upon it. This religion, therefore, the rulers of the State must 
preserve and protect, if they would provide — as they should do — 
with prudence and usefulness for the good of the community. For 
public authority exists for the welfare of those whom it governs ; 
and although its proximate end is to lead men to the prosperity 
found in this life, yet, in so doing, it ought not to diminish, but 
rather to increase, man's capability of attaining to the supreme 
good in which his everlasting happiness consists : which never can 
be attained if religion be disregarded. 



u 



All this, however, We have explained more fully elsewhere. 

86 



We now only wish to add the remark that liberty of so false a 
nature is greatly hurtful to the true liberty of both rulers and 
their subjects. Religion, of its essence, is wonderfully helpful to 
the State." 

Encyclical Letter of Pope Leo XIII, Libertas Praestantissimum, 
June 20th, 1888. 



APPENDIX V 

THE FUNCTIONING OF THE GOLD-STANDARD MONETARY SYSTEM 

Lest some of my readers may think that I have insisted too 
much upon the disastrous effects of the monetary system asso- 
ciated with the gold-standard, a few words may be helpful. 
Money or token-wealth has been invented, to use St. Thomas's 
expression, for the convenience of exchange and as a measure 
of things saleable. Thanks to it, families can procure, by the 
process of exchange, far more easily than by barter, that suffi- 
ciency of nature's goods or real wealth needed by their members 
for a virtuous life. The fact is, however, that the gold-standard 
system does not aim at the distribution of socially-produced 
wealth but at making money a source of revenue to the issuers 
and a means of arriving at the greatest possible control for them 
by the creation and perpetuation of debt. As a measure of things 
saleable, money is meant to be stable. The yard measure and the 
pound avoirdupois may not be altered arbitrarily. Yet "we are in 
an age of monetary policy," writes Professor Soddy, "when the 
value of it is continually altered by the means well-known to the 
banking profession, to make it worth less or more, thus to raise 
the price level or to lower it. . . . In all this there is not given a 
moment's consideration to the most elementary principles of jus- 
tice to the owners of the money, who have a right to receive again 
value equivalent to that which they have given up." 1 Arbitrary 



^The RSle of Money, p. 85 "A sane money system is one that aims at 
keeping in circulation die largest volume of money that can be absorbed 
without inflation of the price level ... the principle of control of the 
currency of New Zealand should be changed from stability of the exchange 
rate with sterling to stability of the internal price level." — (A N. Field, in 
Examiner, May, 1939.) 

87 



changes in the volume of currency cause prices to rise or decline ; 
and these arbitrary changes affect the welfare of every citizen. 
How are they effected? By the contraction and expansion of 
credit due to movements of gold. Thus we have fixed foreign 
exchanges with fluctuating internal price-levels. Those who con- 
trol gold can manipulate the volume of credit, thus controlling 
the price-level in different countries. And this power can be used 
to acquire mortgages not only over entire industries but over 
whole countries. We read in The Builders' Merchants' Journal 
(January, 1939) : "For instance, by the judicious transference 
of (say) ten millions of gold from France to England, a syste- 
matic depreciation of probably ten times that amount could be 
brought about in the market value of French securities without 
undue difficulty, and a corresponding rise effected on the English 
Exchange. By then transferring the same amount of gold from 
London to New York, a similar double effect could again be 
achieved. Next, by transferring the gold from the U.S.A. to 
(say) Belgium and the Netherlands, the process could be once 
more repeated. Then by switching the bullion across to England, 
a similar rise and fall would result. Finally, by shipping the gold 
from London back to its original resting-place in Paris, French 
securities would be restored to normal, and British stock values 
again depressed. The alteration in market values in the case of 
every gold transfer as above outlined would probably be at least 
ten times the amount of the bullion actually shipped, and the astute 
individuals engaged in the execution of this interesting financial 
roundabout might within the space of two or three years amass 
(via nominees) anything from (say) £100,000,000 to £500,000,000 
by judiciously exploiting the possibilities of the markets — and 
without arousing outcry or general suspicion amongst the invest- 
ing public. No wonder it becomes possible for banks and other 
big financial interests to hold 'blanket' mortgages not only (in 
effect) over entire industries, but also (to all practical intents and 
purposes) over whole countries." 

A concrete example of the swindling depicted by The Builders* 
Journal is given by the late Arthur Kitson in his book, The Bank- 
ers' Conspiracy, published in 1933. On pages 79 and 80 of that 
work, we read: "Some years ago the Bankers' Magazine gave a 
startling example of the depreciation in the prices of 325 of our 
representative investments caused by the withdrawal of £11,- 
000,000 in gold from the Bank of England by a group of Ameri- 

88 



can financiers. The transfer of this amount from London to 
New York during a period of a few weeks caused a fall of prices 
equivalent to £115,500,000! The absorption of the same gold 
caused a corresponding advance in the prices of certain American 
securities. By first selling English securities and buying Ameri- 
can, they had merely to transfer so much gold and afterwards 
reverse the transactions by buying and selling respectively and the 
game was won ! As a well-known financial writer stated at the 
time : 'These speculators were playing upon two tables at the same 
time — one in London and the other in New York — with the cer- 
tainty of winning on both.' " 

When a country has been impoverished and disorganised by 
a stock-exchange coup such as has just been mentioned, an attack 
on the property of the Catholic Church and the religious orders 
can be successfully launched by the Masons and other anti-super- 
natural elements. A typical example is to be found in Spain 
between 1834 and 1840. The Rothschilds were anti-Carlist in the 
war of succession, which was going on, because they feared that 
the success of Don Carlos would mean that they would lose the 
famous Almaden quicksilver mines. By a "bear" operation on 
the stock-exchange the Rothschilds sent Spanish securities tum- 
bling down. The Prime Minister, Count Toreno, was forced to 
resign, and the Rothschilds realised a profit far beyond the amount 
of the bribe they had given him previously. Count Toreno was 
succeeded by Mendizabal, a Jew by race and religion. He had 
been speculating in Spanish securities but had "got the tip" from 
Nathan Rothschild when the Rothschilds decided to bring about 
the slump. Mendizabal increased the Spanish deficit. All that and 
more can be learned from Count Corti's Reign of the House of 
Rothschild. It will serve as a commentary on the laconic infor- 
mation we get in the Catholic Encyclopedia (article on Spain) 
wherein we read : " . . . the Liberals ruled, except in the prov- 
inces occupied by the Carlists, and the moderate ministry of Mar- 
tinez de la Rosa . . . was succeeded by those of Toreno and of 
Mendizabal, who put up the possessions of the Church for sale 
(1836)." The Catholic Encyclopaedia omits to say that all the 
convents, with some exceptions, had been confiscated in 1835. 1 

!"More than one hundred years ago, the Church in Spain was disestab- 
lished and despoiled of all real property, while the Religious Orders were 
suppressed and dispersed under the laws framed by Don Jose de Mendizabal, 
a Finance Minister of that day." (The Conflict in Spain, by the Marquis 
de Merry del Val.) 

89 



It makes no reference to the collusion between Rothschild and 
Mendizabal. 

Stabilization of the internal price level of countries is one of 
the most needed social reforms in the natural order. Without 
it the demand for social justice becomes a mockery. "Stabilizing 
money takes the money factor out of price fluctuation and leaves 
just the non-monetary factors of demand and supply of commodi- 
ties. As one well-known writer on these subjects has pointed out, 
the money factor is like the tides of the ocean, and the commodity 
demand-and-supply factor is like the waves of the sea. . . . The 
tides are the big factor determining the level of the water, and 
the waves a comparatively small factor even in the greatest storm. 
The money factor is like the tides, and is the principal thing in 
determining the price-level." 1 

HIGH TAXATION AND THE PREPARATION OF THE 
SERVILE STATE OR COMMUNIST STATE 

There is, moreover, another aspect of the question. The crush- 
ing burden of taxation due to the payment of interest on debt is 
utilised as means for the preparation of Conimunism or of the 
Semi-Communist State advocated by P.E.P. Let us first hear 
Arthur Kitson on the burden of debt and then, some Socialist 
authorities on the end to which taxation is being directed. 

The Builders' Journal (April, 1939) quotes the following pas- 
sage from Arthur Kitson's writings: "Our National Debt on 
March 31st, 1919, was £7,434,949,429. From 1920 to 1933 inclu- 
sive there has been paid towards the redemption of the National 
Debt £4,104,843,063. During the same period there has been paid 
in interest charges on the debt £4,288,925,186. ... In spite of 
this, our National Debt on December 31st, 1933 (including our 
debt to the U.S. A.), was £7,947,000,000, being £512,000,000 more 
than the original debt of March 31st, 1919! In other words, the 

1A. N. Field in Examiner, May, 1939. He says elsewhere in the same 
issue: "Money must be made a just measure of value. If it is not, every 
money transaction perpetrates injustice, with debts on one level and prices 
of commodities on another level. And injustice sooner or later means the 
disintegration of the existing social order." 

90 



nation has paid on account of the debt and interest charges the 
sum of £868,000,000 more than the original debt of March 31st, 
1919, without reducing the original debt by one shilling !" Money- 
lending to nations seems to be even more lucrative than lending 
to individuals! Mr. Kitson, however, in The Bankers' Conspir- 
acy, shows that matters were still worse than these figures indi- 
cate. The Cunliffe Currency Committee's Report, issued in 
August, 1918, recommended the restoration of the gold-standard 
at the pre-War parity "without delay." In The Bankers' Con- 
spiracy, p. 92, we read : "In advising the restoration of the gold- 
standard they are advising the Government to increase the Na- 
tional Debt and so add to die burden of taxation which the British 
public will have to bear. At present our National Debt approxi- 
mates to £8,000,000,000! But what are these pounds and with 
what were they subscribed? The Committee must know that the 
War Loans were subscribed in 'cheap' pounds, approximating in 
value to only one-half of the pre-War pounds. Hence our War 
debt, expressed in pre-War pounds, would be less than £4,000,- 
000,000! By restoring the gold-standard, the public debt would 
therefore be doubled and become £8,000,000,000 at p re-war value t 
Hence every taxpayer would be compelled to pay twice the amount 
of taxes in his products and services by reason of the Commit- 
tee's recommendations. Very nice for the money-lenders and war- 
loan subscribers, but rather hard on the wealth producers and 
taxpayers ! . . . The money-lenders' code of morals — which the 
Committee apparently endorses — is that, whilst it is very wicked 
for debtors to defraud their creditors, creditors are quite justified 
in robbing their debtors. This seems to be the moral basis of the 
gold-standard." It may be well to add that Mr. Winston Churchill 
restored the gold-standard in 1925. 

On the other hand, "this high-taxing, high-spending policy is 
laid down in innumerable Socialist handbooks as an essential pre- 
liminary to the imposition of full Socialism. Private enterprise 
is to be so crushed with burdens of every sort that it is glad to 
throw in the sponge and quit. . . . 'Taxation is the chief means,' 
says Britain's Socialist Fabian Society in its Tract No. 127, add- 
ing that 'to the Socialist, the best of governments is that which 
spends the most.' Similarly emphatic was a leading American 
exponent of Socialism, the late Morris Hillquit (a Jew whose 
real name was Misca Hilkowicz), who pointed out in his Socialism 

91 



Summed Up (1913) that by high taxes, shorter hours, and shorter 
week, freedom to strike, etc., the owners of businesses could be 
reduced to the point of being glad to be taken over by the State. 
Another eminent Jewish Socialist, Professor Laski, of the Lon- 
don School of Economics, is equally strong on 'the weapon of 
taxation' . . . Mr. George Bernard Shaw, eminent British Social- 
ist, puts the bedrock idea of the whole business very bluntly m 
the British Labour Monthly of October, 1921. He said: 'Com- 
pulsory labour, with death as the final penalty, is the keystone 
of Socialism.' ... In a fully Socialised state, opposition to the 
ruling clique must from the force of circumstances take the form 
of underground conspiracy, working secretly until it is strong 
enough for an open test of strength. Against this danger the 
ruling clique in turn must protect itself with a gigantic spy serv- 
ice. . . . Russia's gigantic spy service and perpetual 'liquidations' 
of suspected oppositionists are no accidental features. They are 
inherent in full Socialism. As to how they work out in practice 
a former Bolshevik Commissar of Justice named Steinberg gave 
the following description in the New York Times of February 
23rd, 1930: 'On the one side, we have intoxication with power 
and a realisation that anything done by him who wields power will 
go unpunished; and, on the other, fear, depression, silent hatred 
and sycophancy; the rise of two classes, masters and slaves. In 

turn the relations among the suspects become themselves per- 
verted. In the struggle to win the favour of the authorities, 
treachery assumes appalling dimensions. All become slaves with 
respect to the government, and wolves with respect to one another.' 
The fatal defect of Socialism is its utter incompatibility with 
respect for personality. , . . Human freedom is drowned in 
an ocean of materialism. . . i The Marxian class-war is intended 
solely to set the Christians at one another's throats. . . . The 
whole trend of Socialism is to deprive Christians of their prop- 
erty and to reduce them to a sub-human, animal status. It puts 
them in the position the Talmud says it is their destiny to occupy. 
Finance-Capitalism began the work. Socialism completes it." 1 

*A. N. Field in Examiner, May, 1939. 

92 



APPENDIX V! 

NOTE ON DEMOCRACY 

The word "Democracy" is used in a variety of senses but it 
properly signifies a particular form of government. It is govern- 
ment by the people as contrasted with Monarchy and Aristocracy, 
which are governments by one man and by a few men respectively. 
The difference between these three morally lawful kinds of gov- 
ernment is a difference in the form, not in the purpose or end, of 
government. The end of government is the same for all forms : it 
is the promotion of the common good of the people as a whole and 
the safeguarding of their rights as persons. 

We must distinguish between Direct Democracy and Indirect 
Democracy. Direct Democracy is found where the ordinary citi- 
zen actually governs in person. This form existed in ancient 
Greece and still exists in the Landesgemeinde of some of the Swiss 
Cantons. But it is possible only in small communities. Indirect 
Democracy is that in which the people govern by their representa- 
tives. This is the only form of democracy possible in large states 
or nations. 1 But here again we must subdivide, for there are two 
kinds of Indirect Democracy, the legitimate form and what we 
may call the Rousseauist-Masonic form. The legitimate form of 
Indirect Democracy is that in which those who govern are, firstly, 
chosen from among the whole people; and secondly, designated 
by the votes of the whole people. Authority has its source in God. 
This is democracy as understood by St. Thomas. It is one of 
the forms of government possible de jure, to be adopted or not 
by a people according to history and circumstances. In certain 
circumstances it will give excellent results, but it will not do so 
infallibly. The Rousseauist-Masonic form of Indirect Democracy 
should rather be called Democratism. It is a philosophico-relig- 
ious myth based upon two dogmas : firstly, the dogma of the Sov- 
ereign People, that is to say, of the People always in possession 
of Sovereign Power, of which they, not God, are the source, and 
considering those who govern as their delegates. These delegates 



J-Thus far I have summarized an excellent article in the Irish Independent 
of January 11th, 1937, by Most Rev. Dr. Browne, Bishop of Galway. 

93 



owe obedience to the People instead of being looked upon as 
Rulers who must be obeyed; secondly, the dogma that the vote 
of the people makes or creates what is right and just, thus again 
exalting man to the place of God. 

In spite of the fact that this Rousseauist- Masonic democratism 
has been frequently condemned by the Catholic Church, 1 the 
functioning of legitimate democracy is deeply influenced by these 
errors. Many Catholics proclaim that "the people can do no 
wrong" and that "all men are equal" without being aware of the 
Rousseauist tinge of their thoughts. Many politicians seem to 
think that a majority at an election puts them above the moral 
law. Three evils are intensified by the fact that behind the facade 
of democracy, states and nations have come to be dominated by 
private financial interests. "This domination is permanent, irre- 
spective of the party in office. All parties require money, and it 
often becomes profitable to the Money Power to finance all alike. 
. . . Party government has completely failed during recent years 
to give the nation any real protection against the most dishonest 
and unprincipled manipulations of the money system by private 
interests which have turned legislatures into a marionette show 
with puppets moved on wires from behind the scenes."? What 
masquerades as Democracy throughout the world is, therefore, in 
great part, government by certain financial groups more or less 
inspired by Rousseauist-Masonic naturalistic theories. 



1 Notably by Pope Pius X in his condemnation of the Sillon, August, 
1910. Pius X there quotes Leo XIII. Cf . The Mystical Body of Christ w 
the Modern World, pp. 42, 43. 

*A N. Field in Examiner, May, 1939. 



Printed by Cahhx & Co., Lid., Porkgate Printing Works, Dublin. 
American Printing by Comxnr Primtiwg Comfaky, Detroit, Michigan. 

94 


