The Hidden Tyranny 



"Most Jews do not like to admit it, but our god is Lucifer. " 



INTRODUCTION 

This booklet contains the text of a most revealing and shocking interview of a Jew by 
the name of Harold Rosenthal, which was conducted in 1976, by a concerned patriot, a 
Walter White, Jr.. Mr. Rosenthal, an influential Jew learned in the Jewish ways and involved 
in the workings of government in Washington, D.C., explained the Jewish involvement and 
cause of the major problems we face today. 

Rosenthal, in exposing certain aspects of the 'inner invisible world of Jewry', revealed 
the modes and tactics Jews have used in destroying Christian civilization and covertly 
attaining control over our lives and governments. The result has been a 'hidden tyranny' upon 
us like the tyranny waged against the Saints by the red beast system of Revelation referred 
to as 'Mystery Babylon'. 

But how could such a small number of Jews enslave so many people and gain such 
an overwhelming control over their governments, especially without their being aware of it? 
The answer to this may be found in Christ's parable of the unjust steward, which represents 
Jewry. They are able to prevail in the world despite their ungodly ways because of their 
cunning and shrewd ways. As Christ said "For the children of this world are in their 
generation wiser than the children of light." (Luke 16:8) 

In other words, the Jew, with his worldly mind set, is wiser than God's Christian 
people. When you read the words of Mr. Rosenthal the reality of this statement will come to 



light. This problem was so prevalent and important for us to overcome that Christ had 
instructed us to "be wise as serpents". (Matthew 10:16) 

America and the world is now covered in political, economic, moral and social 
problems which need to be acted upon by Christian people. As Edmund Burke stated: "The 
only thing necessary for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing. " But before we can 
properly act we need a proper (not just a superficial) understanding of the problem. This 
booklet will help provide the reader with that understanding. 

In the manuscript the emphasis shown as underline text has been added while that in 
bold is per original. The footnote comments and illustration have been added by myself. 

¦ Charles A. Weisman June, 1992 





Harold Wallace Rosenthal (November 2, 1 947 - August 1 1 , 
1976), was a senior aide to then-Senator Jacob K. Javits 

(LEFT) when Rosenthal was murdered in a PLO (or possibly 
Mossad agents posing as PLO) terrorist attack in Istanbul, 
Turkey. Rosenthal also worked for the Rockefeller Brothers 
Fund (RBF), ("Philanthropy for an Interdependent World'), a 

globalist "incubator" organization. Previous to that, 

Rosenthal worked for 

Hugh Carey 51st 

Governor of New York 

(LEFT) and also for 

Walter Mondale 

(RIGHT) (later the 

42nd Vice President of 

the United States). 




The Hidden Tyranny 



Part One 

In a highly confidential interview with a Jewish administrative assistant to one of this 
nation's ranking senators, he said, "It is a marvel that the American people do not rise up and 
drive every Jew out of this country. " 

The Jew, Mr. Harold Wallace Rosenthal, made this statement after admitting Jewish 
dominance in all significant national programs. He said, 

"We Jews continue to be amazed with the ease by which (Christian Americans have 
fallen into our hands. While the naive Americans wait for Khrushchev to bury them, we have 
taught them to submit to our every command. " (This submission has been made possible by 
the gradual adoption of Talmudic concepts as being Christian, thus producing a Jewish 
society. It is what Rabbi Martin Siegel call, "the Judaization of Christianity.") 

When asked how a nation could be captured without their knowing it, Mr. Rosenthal 
attributed this victory to absolute control of the media. He boasted of Jewish control of all the 
Media. Any newspaper which refused to absolute control of the media. He boasted of Jewish 
control of all the Media. Any newspaper which refused to acquiesce to controlled news was 
brought to its knees by withdrawing advertising. Failing in this, the Jews stop the supply of 
news print and ink. "It's a very simple matter," he stated. 

When asked about men in high political office, Mr. Rosenthal said that no one in the 
last three decades has achieved any political power without Jewish approval. "Americans 
have not had a presidential choice since 1932 when [Franklin] Roosevelt was our man; every 
president since Roosevelt has been our man." (Even before Roosevelt the Jewish influence 
upon Woodrow Wilson (1913-21) was quite evident, as Henry Ford wrote in 1921 -- "Mr. 
Wilson, while President, was very close to the Jews. His administration, as everyone knows, 
was predominantly Jewish." T he International Jew , Dearborn Publishing Co., Ill, p. 28-9). 



In a discussion about George Wallace, Mr. Rosenthal smiled and suggested that we 
note where Wallace stands today. When the U.S. foreign policy was mentioned, the bedroom 
confidence of the interview was all but set aside. With disdain and mockery he sneered at the 
American stupidity in failing to see through the entire scope of Kissinger foreign policy . "It is 
Zionist-Communist policy from beginning to end. Yet the citizens think this Jewish policy will 
benefit America." (The reason for this is because the Jewish media refers to the "Zionist- 
Communist policy" as "American policy" pursuant to "Constitutional" provisions. Ignorance of 
our own system of government is the real issue here.) He cited 'detente' and Angola as 
examples of Jewish diplomacy. The credulous nature of Americans drew only contempt from 
him. 

The interview continued on an almost omniscient plane. 

"We Jews have put issue upon issue to the American people. Then we promote both 
sides of the issue as confusion reigns. With their eyes fixed on the issues, they fail to see 
who is behind every scene. We Jews toy with the American public as a cat toys with a 
mouse." 

As the conversation went on into the late hours, one could sense that perhaps 
America deserves the reign of terror being planned for her. The Jewish mind pits every ethnic 
group against the other. "The blood of the masses will flow as we wait for our day of world 
victory," Mr. Rosenthal said coldly. (This is the same dialogue spoken by communist 
revolutionary leaders). For hours after this incredible discussion, a sense of inadequacy 
prevailed. Is it possible that another group of 'human beings' could be so treacherous in spirit, 
so evil in intent? Yet, the words heard and the evidence at hand are real. Is it possible that 
the American people can remain docile, even while their life's blood is being drained from 
them? It seems so. 

What Does All This Say To Us? 

Since the time that this lengthy interview was recorded, Mr. Harold Wallace Rosenthal, 
age 29, the administrative assistant to Senator Jacob K. Javits of New York, was killed in an 
alleged sky-jacking attempt on an Israeli airliner in Istanbul, Turkey, August 12, 1976. 



It would appear that Mr. Rosenthal might have 'talked too freely' because although four 
people were killed and some 30 injured during the sky-jacking attempt, Rosenthal was not 
killed by a random bullet as were the others, From reports secured at the time, it seems 
amazing and strange that of all the people involved in this incident Mr. Rosenthal should have 
been fatally wounded. Meanwhile, I, Walter White, who conducted this confidential interview, 
can now state after much investigation, expense and travel, that Harold Rosenthal was 
undoubtedly murdered at the Istanbul airport, in what was to appear as a hijacking -- probably 
by his own people . ("There is nothing that the International Jew fears so much as the truth, or 
any hint of the truth about himself or his plans." The International Jew , Vol. I, p. 200.) 

We had no desire to hurt anyone and especially members of the Rosenthal family who 
had suffered enough in this tragedy. We corresponded with his mother and father in 
Philadelphia and his brother Mark David Rosenthal who is attending college in northern 
California. In fact, it was he who advised me that Harold's friends in Washington had set up a 
memorial fund in Harold W. Rosenthal's name. He sent us a copy of "The Harold W. 
Rosenthal Fellowship In International Relations" American Jewish Committee, Washington 
Chapter, 818 - 18th Street N.W., Washington, D,C. 20006. It lists some of the 'who's-who' 
and the honorary Co-Chairman are vice President Walter F. Mondale and Senator Jacob K. 
Javits. 

Out of respect, we decided to wait until a year had passed since the death of Harold 
Wallace Rosenthal so we delayed publishing everything he gave us on that memorable day 
and evening. And as stated before, the interview was lengthy -- as he seemed to enjoy 
pouring out this information -- and at times it was broken -- and went on into the evening. 

This writer and editor is not easily shocked but as this egotist Harold W. Rosenthal 
raved on and on I found so much of what he said actually horrifying -- the actual betrayal of 
which he admittedly was a part -- and he appeared to gloat over the apparent success of a 
Jewish World Conspiracy. This, mind you, comes from an "administrative assistant" to one of 
our ranking Senators, Jacob K. Javits of New York. 

What you are about to read should act as a WARNING to all non-Jews throughout the 
world. It hopefully should open the eyes of many who knew him in Washington government 
circles. 



It becomes indeed obvious That what he discloses is not fiction. It is not imagination! 
He was not pretending -- as he spoke with knowledge and intelligence. Many things have 
been said and written about the One World Jewish Conspiracy but never been described so 
openly. It staggers the imagination. Their plans are shocking and many will be astonished at 
the contents of this document. NOTHING like it has ever been told before. 

We prefer not to elaborate. You be the judge. 

Looking back to the time of this interview and having had time to analyze Harold 
Rosenthal's candidness, we are compelled to think of him as a conceited, boastful yet very 
knowledgeable person. I would classify him as an egotist and an egoist. At times his cruelty 
surfaced with a venom, especially as he describes the stupid Christians or 'goy' as he so 
often referred to us. This surprised me because the word goy is not in our language and he 
must have known this. His mind was thoroughly immersed in the one-world plan of world 
Jewry. With arrogance, he boasted that the Jew's conquest of the world was almost complete 
-- thanks to Christianity's stupidity. 

Jewish Zionism & Anti-Semitism 

When asked if he was a Zionist Mr. R. replied: 

"That's a hell of a question! At the foundation of the issue is the traditional Zionist 
concept of aliyah, a Hebrew term meaning the "in gathering" or return of Diaspora (dispersed) 
Jews to the Palestine homeland. Ever since 1948, and the creation of the state of Israel, 
aliyah has become a basic imperative of Israeli government policy." 

What is aliyah? Will you please spell it for me -- wherein he did and we inquired as to 
the realistic meaning of aliyah. Mr. R. said: 

"It is a permanent physical migration to Palestine, not just a visit." 

We asked, what is Zionism? I've heard Jews define it as anything from a permanent 
migration to financial and spiritual support of Israel from around the world. Mr. R. replied: 



"Our first leader, former Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion said that Zionism without a 
'return to Zion' is phony. Not many American Jews migrate permanently to Israel. Some say 
that all Jews, by definition, are Zionists. Others say that a Jew is not a Zionist unless he's a 
member who pays dues to an actively Zionist organization. Definitions have been tossed 
everywhere since the Jewish homeland became a reality." (Zionist propaganda and activities 
have always been based and accepted on the false assumption that the Jews are Israelites, 
making Palestine the Jews' land; and that they only need help to go back and to build up their 
state. Thus, gullible Christians support them.) 

Millions of tax-exempt American dollars are sent to Israel yearly and we true 
Americans do not like this. Mr. R. replied: 

"The naive politicians in Washington are gullible. Most of them are not too bright so the 
powerful Jewish lobbyists influenced this practice years ago and there is no one strong 
enough to stop it. Some of that money is even returned to the United States and spent on 
Zionist propaganda efforts, much of it through the B'nai B'rith and the Conference of Jewish 
Organisations and the World Jewish Congress. The Jewish Agency is a funding arm -- a sort 
of body of B'nai B'rith officials. There is nothing wrong with sending American dollars to Israel 
tax-free so long as we are smart enough to get away with it. Let's reverse this conversation 
for a minute. You made it clear and quite vociferously, that you don't like Jews. Why do you 
hate us?" 

Mr. Rosenthal, I do not hate anybody. I said I hate what the Jews are doing to us and 
especially as it relates to any and everything related to Christianity. I hate their deceit, 
cunning, and their detestable dishonesty. Does that make me anti-semitic? If it does then I 
am anti-semitic!! 

"Anti-Semitism does not signify opposition to Semitism. There is no such thing. It is an 
expression we Jews use effectively as a smear word - used to brand as a bigot like you guys 
-- anyone who brings criticism against Jews. We use it against hate-mongers." ("Anti- 
Semitism" is a recent creation by Jews. Jews tell us what constitutes Anti-Semitism and when 
it exists. All the "anti-Semitism" that exists in the United States is the deliberate creation of 
the Jewish leaders. The Jews want and need this tool to control and silence the opposition to 
their harmful and repugnant ways.) 



It was made clear that I despised the Jews' corruptive influence on our Christian 
culture -- and on our properly Christ-oriented American way of life to which Mr. R. said: 

"During Christ's time, the Jews were seeking a material and earthly kingdom but Christ 
offered the Jews a spiritual kingdom. This, they couldn't buy, so they rejected Jesus Christ 
and had him crucified." 

What do you mean -- had him crucified? Doesn't history prove that the Jews crucified 
Jesus Christ? To which he answered: 

"Yes, I guess they did. I don't beat around the bush, but 2,000 years ago your people 
would have done the same thing to a man who mistreated you as Christ did the Jews." 

You speak of Jesus Christ as merely a man. 

"That's all he was -- a man who walked on the earth like any other man and this myth 
about Christ rising from the dead and returning to earth to visit with his disciples is a bunch of 
crap. The Jews who drove the Arabs out of Palestine did so to disprove Christ's mission for a 
spiritual kingdom. You see, instead of a leader who would make an empire for the Jews, your 
kind of people gave the Jews a peaceful preacher called Christ who instead of an eye-for-an- 
eye turns the other cheek. Rubbish! We are building and, in fact, have built an earthly empire 
without your kind and your disappointing Messiah." 

I can see that it is you and your kind who try to get Christ out of Christmas. I feel sorry 
for you. To which he quickly replied: 



"Don't give me that s . I don't want your pity. I don't need it! Too many Jews do not 

have the guts to tell you how we live and plan, but I am not intimidated by anyone or 
anything. I know where I'm going." 

Government and Political Control 

When asked why do Jews frequently change their names he said: 

"Jews are the most intelligent people in the world so if it benefits them to change their 
names they do so. That's all there is to it. They mix in your society which is plenty corrupt -- 



so while the Jews are benefiting themselves the dumb goy doesn't realize that these Jews 
with non-Jew names are Jews. I know what you're thinking -- about Jews in the government 
who use non-Jew names. Well, don't be concerned because in the foreseeable future there 
will be no Presidential power in the United States. The invisible government is taking strength 
in that direction." 

To your knowledge, are the Jews in Russia really persecuted or are they given any 
kind of freedom? To which he said: 

"Most Jews throughout the world - I'd say more than 90% know what is really 
happening to our people. We have communication unequaled anywhere . ]t is only the jerks, 
the ignorant and misinformed and degenerates who can find peace in your society - and you 
bastards hide your sins by donning sheep's clothing. You are the hypocrites - not the Jews, 
as you say and write about. To answer your question - in Russia, there are two distinct 
governments - one visible and the other invisible. The different 
nationalities - whereas the invisible is composed of all Jews. The 
powerful Soviet secret police takes its orders from the invisible 
government. There are about six to seven million Communists in Soviet 
Russia. 50% are Jews and about 50% gentile -- but the gentiles are not 
trusted. The Communist Jews are united and trust each other - while the 

Sonne call it Comnnnniuinisinn, 

others spy on one another. About every five or six years the secret Jewish U call it Judaism." 

- Rabbi Stephen Wise. 

Board calls for the purge of the Party and many are liquidated." 

When asked, why? he said: 

"Because they begin to understand too much the Jewish secret of government. 
Russian Communists have a Secret Group Order which consists of Jews only. They rule over 
everything pertaining to the visible government. It was this powerful organization that was 
responsible for the secret removal of the center of Communism to Tel Aviv from where all 
instructions now originate." 

Does our government and the United Nations have knowledge of this? Mr. R. replied. 




"The United Nations is nothing but a trap-door to the Red World's immense 
concentration camp. We pretty much control the U.N." 

When asked why the Communists destroy the middle class or educated and their 
entire families when they invade a country Mr. R. replied: 

"It is an established rule to destroy all members of pre-existing government , their 
families and relatives but never Jews. They destroy all members of the police, state police, 
army officers and their families but never Jews . You see, we know when a government 
begins to search for the Communists within its borders - they are really attempting to 
uncover Jews in their area. We're not fooled! The invisible rulers in the Communist countries 
have a world control over the propaganda and the governments in free countries . We control 
every media of expression including newspapers, magazines, radio and television. Even your 
music ! We censor the song released for publication long before they reach the publishers. 
Before long we will have complete control of your thinking." (Those who do not have the 
might to conguer their enemies must resort to mind control, which eventually can be more 
effective than outright physical control, as none are aware of the control and thus no 
resistance is made.) 

Christianity and Judaism 

The way you boast - if this is true - it is frightening to think about our future -- and that 
of Christianity - to which Mr, R. said: 

"There will be a forced class of warfare here in the United States and many will be 
liguidated. You will unguestionably be among them. The Jews will not be harmed. I'm not 
boasting! I'm giving you the facts! And it is too late for your Christian followers to put up a 
defense. That time is long past. Long, long ago we HAD to become the aggressors!! That is 
undoubtedly one our GREAT purposes in life. WE are the aggressors !!" 

After reminding him that we thought he was intelligent but now realize that he doesn't 
know what he was talking about he replied: 

"Judaism is the unegualed culture - with nothing, nothing anywhere in the world to 
compare with it. Your so-called Christianity is an outgrowth of Judaism. The cultural and 



intellectual influence of Judaism is felt throughout the entire world -- yes, throughout 
civilization." 

When I asked whether he thought we faced a problem eventually with the Blacks 
because of their startling population increase he said that the Blacks are helping to serve 'our 
purpose' which might mean several things. 

We discussed the Black invasion of city, county and state and their prominence now in 
television. Also how ridiculous it is for Blacks to become converted to Jews -- like Sammy 
Davis for instance. Mr. R. replied: 

"That doesn't mean anything. We know that a Black cannot become a Jew and that 
Sammy Davis is still Black. It may have been to his advantage to become converted. In 
reality he still remains a nigger and not a Jew." 

I told him of my in-depth study of the Jews and that there were few who have done 
more research on world Jewry than I -- and about my unpleasant discoveries -- reminding Mr. 
R. that there is no morality among Jews. He replied: 

" Money is more important than morality . We can accomplish anything with money. Our 
people are proving that in Israel where its strength against attack is its permanent state of 
war readiness. Israel can now win in any encounter. The kibbutz-raised intellectual elements 
are going to build that small country into a mid-east wonderland. It will also eventually be the 
base for World Government Headquarters." (Talmudic Judaism is a religion of Jewish world 
control and slavery.) 

We discussed the tragedy of Watergate and corruption at all levels of government and 
suggested that government representatives practice more openness and candor in dealing 
with the people. Mr. R. said: 

"What good would it do? What the hell does the public know about the running of 
government. The great majority are asses -- horses asses!!" 

May we quote you on that? 



"I don't care: what you do -- as I said, few have the guts to speak out. We would all 
have better understanding between each other -- jews and gentiles -- if we spoke out more 
openly. Your people don't have guts. We establish your thinking -- we even place within you a 
'guilt complex' making you afraid to criticize Jewry openly." 

The Jewish Belief and Religion 

In the quietness of this enlightening conversation it became clear that the 
understanding poured forth did not come from a novice. Mr. Rosenthal was asked how Jews 
gain acceptance so easily among other races. His answer was long and thorough. 

"At a very early date, urged on by the desire to make our way in the world, Jews began 
to look for a means whereby we might distract all attention from the racial aspect. What could 
be more effective, and at the same time more above suspicion, than to borrow and utilize the 
idea of a religious community? We've been forced to borrow this idea from the Aryans. We 
jews never possessed any religious institution which developed out of our own 
consciousness, for we lack any kind of idealism. This means that a belief in life beyond this 
terrestrial existence is foreign to us. As a matter of fact, the Talmud does not lay down 
principles with which to prepare the individual for a life to come, but furnishes only rules for a 
sumptuous life in this world. It is a collection of instructions for maintaining the Jewish race 
and regulating: intercourses between us and the goy. Our teachings: are not concerned with 
moral problems, but rather with how to 'get .' (This explains the parasitic nature of Jewish 
people. Jews never get rich off one another, but seek to 'get' the labor and wealth of others.) 

"In regard to the moral value of the Jews' religious teaching, there exist quite 
exhaustive studies which show the kind of religion that we have in a light that makes it look 
uncanny to the Aryan mind. We are the best example of the kind of product which religious 
training evolves. Our life is of this world only and our mentality is as foreign to the true spirits 
of Christianity as our character was to the Founder of this new creed 2,000 years ago. The 
Founder of Christianity made no secret of his estimation of the Jews and the fact that he was 
not one of us . When he found it necessary he drove us out of the temple of God, because 
then, as always, we used religion as a means of advancing our commercial interest." (The 
Merchants of Babylon have commercialized our society.) 



"But at that time, we managed to nail Jesus to the cross for his attitude towards us; 
whereas, the modern Christians enter into party politics and in order to win elections, they 
debase themselves by begging for Jewish votes. They even enter into political intrigues with 
us against the interests or their own nation . (These people have been called by various 
names -- scalawags, political prostitutes, carpetbaggers, charlatans, traitors, stooges, pawns, 
etc.) 

"We can live among other nations and states only as long as we succeed in 
persuading them that the Jews are not a distinct people, but are the representatives of a 
religious faith who, therefore, constitute a 'religious community,' though this be of a peculiar 
character. As a matter of fact, this is the greatest of our falsehoods . 

(The Jews have established five major falsehoods which work to conceal their nature 
and protect their status and power, to wit: 

1) The Jews are Israelites, and thus God's chosen people; 

2) Jesus Christ was a Jew; 

3) That 6 million Jews were killed in a holocaust during WW II; 

4) That all races are equal, or that all are brothers; and, 

5) That the Jews are just another religious group.) 

"We are obliged to conceal our own particular character and mode of life so that we 
will be allowed to continue our existence as a parasite among the nations . Our success in this 
line has gone so far that many believe that the Jews among them are genuine Frenchmen, or 
Englishmen, or Italians, or Germans who just happen to belong to a religious denomination 
which is different from that prevailing in these countries. Especially in circles concerned with 
government, where the officials have only a minimum of historical sense, we are able to 
impose our infamous deception with comparative ease. Therefore, there is never the slightest 
suspicion that we Jews form a distinct nation and are not merely the adherents of a 
'confession.' Though one glance at the press which we control ought to furnish sufficient 
evidence to the contrary, even for those who possess only the smallest degree of 
intelligence." 



The Money Power 

When questioned about the ways in which the Jews have gained power, Mr. 
Rosenthal said: 

"Our power has been created through the manipulation of the national monetary 
system. We authored the quotation. ' Money is power .' As revealed in our master plan, it was 
essential for us to establish a private national bank. The Federal Reserve system fitted our 
plan nicely since it is owned by us , but the name implies that it is a government institution. 
From the very outset, our purpose was to confiscate all the gold and silver, replacing them 
with worthless non-redeemable paper notes. This we have done!" 

When asked about the term 'non-redeemable notes,' Mr. Rosenthal replied: 

"Prior to 1968, the gullible goy could take a one dollar Federal Reserve note into any 
bank in America and redeem it for a dollar which was by law a coin containing 412 1/2 grains 
of 90 per cent silver. Up until 1933, one could have redeemed the same note for a coin of 25 
4/5ths grains of 90 per cent gold. All we do is give the goy more non-redeemable notes, or 
else copper slugs. But we never give them their gold and silver. Only more paper," he said 
contemptuously. "We Jews have prospered through the paper gimmick. It's our method 
through which we take money and give only paper in return." (The economic problem of 
America and the world is ultimately a Jewish problem, or as Henry Ford stated: "The Money 
Question, properly solved, is the end of the Jewish Question and every other question of a 
mundane nature." The International Jew , Vol. Ill, p. 221 .) 

Can you give me a example of this we asked? 

"The examples are numerous, but a few readily apparent are the stocks and bonds 
market, all forms of insurance and the fractional reserve system practiced by the Federal 
Reserve corporation, not to mention the billions in gold and silver that we have gained in 
exchange for paper notes, stupidly called money. Money power was essential in carrying out 
our master plan of international conquest through propaganda ." 

When asked how they proposed doing this, he said: 



"At first, by controlling the banking system we were able to control corporation capital. 
Through this, we acquired total monopoly of the movie industry, the radio networks and the 
newly developing television media. The printing industry, newspapers, periodicals and 
technical journals had already fallen into our hands. The richest plum was later to come when 
we took over the publication of all school materials . Through these vehicles we could mold 
public opinion to suit our own purposes. The people are only stupid pigs that grunt and 
squeal the chants we give them, whether they be truth or lies." 

Mind Control & Conditioning 

When asked if the Jews felt any threat from the 'silent majority,' he laughed at the idea, 
saying: 

"There is no such thing as the silent majority because we control their cry and hue. 
The only thing that exists is an unthinking majority and unthinking they will remain, as long as 
their escape from our rigorous service is the opiate of our entertainment industry . By 
controlling industry, we have become the task masters and the people the slaves . When the 
pressure of daily toil builds to an explosive degree, we have provided the safety valve of 
momentary pleasure. The television and movie industries furnish the necessary temporary 
distraction. These programs are carefully designed to appeal to the sensuous emotions , 
never to the logical thinking mind . Because of this, the people are programmed to respond 
according to our dictates, not according to reason. Silent they never are; thinking they will 
remain." 

Continuing his thought of Jewish control over the goy, Mr. Rosenthal said: 

"We have castrated society through fear and intimidation. Its manhood exists only in 
combination with a feminine outward appearance . Being so neutered, the populace has 
become docile and easily ruled. As all geldings in nature, their thoughts are not involved with 
the concerns of the future and their posterity, but only with the present toil and the next meal," 



Manipulation of Labor & Industry 

It was obvious that the excitement of Mr. Rosenthal was triggered when mention was 
made of the nation's industry. 

"We have been successful in dividing society against itself by pitting labor against 
management. (The social-labor movement, employing labor unions, a manipulation of wages 
and prices, and government regulation of business, was the brainchild of Jews such as Karl 
Marx and Samuel Gompers. The result was a destruction of free enterprise.) This perhaps 
has been one of our greatest feats, since in reality it is a triangle, though only two points ever 
seem to occur. In modern industry where exists capital, which force we represent, is the 
apex. Both management and labor are on the base of this triangle. They continually stand 
opposed to each other and their attention is never directed to the head of their problem. 
Management is forced to raise prices since we are ever increasing the cost of capital. Labor 
must have increasing wages and management must have higher prices, thus creating a 
vicious cycle. We are never called to task for our role which is the real reason for inflation , 
since the conflict between management and labor is so severe that neither has time to 
observe our activities. It is our increase in the cost of capital that causes the inflation cycle. 
We do not labor or manage , and yet we receive the profits . Through our money manipulation, 
the capital that we supply industry costs us nothing. Through our national bank, the Federal 
Reserve, we extend book credit, which we create from nothing, to all local banks who are 
member banks . They in turn extend book credit to industry. Thus, we do more than God , for 
all of our wealth is created from nothing. You look shocked! Don't be! It's true, we actually do 
more than God. With this supposed capital we bring industry, management and labor into our 
debt, which debt only increases and is never liguidated. Through this continual increase, we 
are able to pit management against labor so they will never unite and attack us and usher in 
a debt-free industrial Utopia . 

"We are the necessary element since we expend nothing. Management can create its 
own capital - the profits. Its business would grow and profits increase. Labor would prosper 
as well, while the price of the product would remain constant, the prosperity of industry, labor 
and management would continually increase. We Jews glory in the fact that the stupid gov 



have never realized that we are the parasites consuming an increasing portion of production 
while the producers are continually receiving less and less." 

The Control Over Religion 

As the hours rolled on in this intense, but cordial, interview, Mr. Rosenthal exposed his 
thoughts concerning religion. 

"Religion, too, must be taught, and through this necessity we have labored. (As the 
Jew Karl Marx stated: "Religion is the opiate of the people.") With our control of the text book 
industry and the news media, we have been able to hold ourselves up as the authorities on 
religion. Many of our rabbis now hold professorships in supposed Christian theological 
seminaries. We are amazed by the Christians' stupidity in receiving our teachings and 
propagating them as their own . (This is one of the main reasons for the power and the control 
Jews have attained over white nations -- the adopting of Jewish ways. As Henry Ford stated: 
"The Christian cannot read his Bible except through Jewish spectacles, and, therefore, reads 
it wrong." ( The International Jew Vol. IV, p. 238). As a result, Christians don't have God's 
word on a certain matter, they have the Jew's word.) Judaism is not only the teaching of the 
synagogue, but also the doctrine of every 'Christian Church' in America. Through our 
propaganda the Church has become our most avid supporter. This has even given us a 
special place in society, their believing the lie that we are the 'chosen people' and they, 
gentiles . 

"These deluded children of the Church defend us to the point of destroying their own 
culture. (Jews need not have their finger on every button that causes a destruction or a 
Judaization of Christian civilization, as in many cases they have their proselytes or "Gentile 
fronts" to do it for them.) This truth is evident even to the dullard when one views history and 
sees that all wars have been white fighting white in order that we maintain our control. We 
controlled England during the Revolutionary War, the North during the Civil War, and England 
and America during World War I and II. Through our influence of religion we were able to 
involve the ignorant white Christians in war against themselves which always impoverished 
both sides while we reaped a financial and political harvest. Anytime truth comes forth which 
exposes us, we simply rally our forces -- the ignorant Christians. They attack the crusaders 



even if they are members of their own families. (Anyone who has been in the forefront 
exposing the truth of the Jewish issue can attest to this fact stated by Mr. Rosenthal.) 

"Through religion we have gained complete control of society, government and 
economics. No law is ever passed except its merits have previously been taught from the 
pulpits. An example of this is race equality which led to integration and ultimately to 
mongrelization . The gullible clergy in one breath instruct their parishioners that we are a 
special, chosen people while in another breath proclaim all races are the same. Their 
inconsistency is never discovered. So we Jews enjoy a special place in society while all other 
races are reduced to racial equality. It is for this reason that we authored the equality hoax , 
thereby reducing all to a lower level. 

"We have been taught that our current economic practices are benevolent therefore 
Christian. These pulpit parrots extol our goodness for loaning them the money to build their 
temples, never realizing that their own holy book condemns all usury. They are eager to pay 
our exorbitant interest rates. They have led society into our control through the same 
practice. Politically, they hail the blessings of democracy and never understand that through 
democracy we have gained control of their nation . Their book (Notice that Mr. Rosenthal 
always refers to the Bible as their book -- the white people, never as our book or the Jews' 
book) again teaches a benevolent despotic form of government in accordance with the laws 
of that book, while a democracy is mob rule which we control through their Churches, our 
news media and economic institutions. Their religion is only another channel through which 
we can direct the power of our propaganda. These religious puppets' stupidity is only 
exceeded by their cowardice, for they are ruled easily." 

The Light Dawns 

Rarely does any man confess the intimacy of his soul as did Mr. Rosenthal. Hindsight 
suggests that there was a greater Force compelling this man to reveal what has been written 
here. The remainder of the interview seems to confirm this. 

"Since we do not believe in a life after death, all our efforts are directed to the 'now.' 
We are not as foolish as you and will never adopt an ideology that is rooted in self-sacrifice. 
Whereas you will live and die for the benefit of the community, we will live and die only for our 



own individual self. The idea of self- sacrifice is abhorred by Jews. It is abhorrent to me. No 
cause is worth dying lot since death is the end. The only time we unite is to preserve our 
individual selves. As a group of wolves unite to attack a prey, but then disperse after each is 
filled, so we Jews unite when peril is pending, not to preserve our community but to save our 
own skin. 

"This attitude permeates our entire being and philosophy. We are not the creators for 
to create would only benefit another. (The white race has clearly been the creators in terms of 
inventions, achievements, etc., and by them "all the families (or races) of the world have been 
blessed (or have benefited from them), as prophesied in Genesis 12:3, 28:14. This proves 
Jews are not God's chosen people.) We are the 'acquirers' and are interested only in 
satisfying the 'self.' To understand our philosophy understand the term 'to get.' We never give 
but only take. We never labor but enjoy the fruits of others' labor. We do not create but 
confiscate. We are not the producers but the parasites . We can physically live within any 
society, but always remain spiritually apart . To work would be to produce and the highest 
form of that labor would be to create. Your race has always worked for the satisfaction of 
what it produces. We would never work for anyone's benefit, only for what we can get. We 
have used this Aryan attitude to achieve our greatest prosperity. You will work for the 
enjoyment you derive out of producing, while never being concerned about the pay. We take 
your productivity for a paltry fee and turn it into fortunes. 

"Until recently, the pride of workmanship exceeded the quest for high incomes. 
However, we have been able to enslave society to our own power which is money, by 
causing them to seek after it. We have converted the people to our philosophy of getting and 
acguiring so that they will never be satisfied . A dissatisfied people are the pawns in our game 
of world conquest. Thus, they are always seeking and never able to find satisfaction. The 
very moment they seek happiness outside themselves, they become our willing servants. 

"Your people never realize that we offer them only worthless baubles that can not 
bring fulfillment. They procure one and consume it and are not filled. They procure one and 
consume it and are not filled. We present another. We have an infinite number of outward 
distractions , to the extent that life can not again turn inward to find its definite fulfillment. You 
have become addicted to our medicine through which we have become your absolute 
masters. (For this reason Christ said, "beware of the leaven of the Pharisees" (Matt. 16:6). 



This was a warning against their Talmudic-Babylonian doctrines, which grow in men's minds 
and permeates throughout society, until this philosophy finally enslaves them (Col. 2:8).) 

"On the first and fundamental lie, the purpose of which is to make people believe that 
we are not a nation but a religion, other lies are subsequently based. Our greatest fear is that 
this falsehood will be discovered , for we will be stamped out the moment the general public 
comes into possession of the truth and acts upon it (It is one thing to put a man in possession 
of the truth, to get him to understand it is another, and to get him to act upon it is another still. 
Truth by itself has no value unless used or applied in some way.) It is becoming apparent that 
an awakening is occurring even here in America. We had hoped that through our devastation 
of Christian Germany that any subject dealing with us would be a fearful taboo. However, 
there seems to be a resurgence here in the one nation that we so strongly control. We are 
presently making plans for a rapid exodus. We know that when the light begins to dawn, 
there will be no stopping it . All efforts on our part will only intensify that light and draw focus 
upon it. 

"We fear that light is coming forth in movements across this land, especially yours. It 
has amazed us how you have been successful in reaching the people after we closed every 
door of communication. This, we fear, is a sign of a coming pogrom that will take place in 
America soon. The American public has realized that we are in control, which is a fatal 
mistake on our part. This nation could never be the land of the free as long as it is the land of 
the Jew . (This is a concept most patriots cannot understand. Patriots have spent untold man- 
hours fighting the IRS, the Federal Reserve, the media, Congress or government in general. 
These things are merely tools which the Jew now uses against the detestable 'goyim'. The 
problem is not the tool or device, but the heathen in control of it.) This is the revelation that 
will be our undoing. 

"The American people have been easily ruled through our propaganda that the pen is 
mightier than the sword. We virtually get away with murder, and all the goy do is to talk about 
it, which is ineffective since we, the masters of propaganda, always publish a contradicting 
account . If the Aryan would review history and apply those lessons of the past, then the pen 
will be thrown down in disgust and the sword wielded in the heat of passion. (A recurrence to 
history would edify our minds and show us that the European countries solved their Jewish 
problem only by use of force.) Thus far, we have escaped the sword, when the only reprisal is 



some periodical of no repute, or some pamphlet with limited circulation. Their pen is no match 
for ours, but our constant fear is that they may open their eyes and learn that no change was 
ever brought about with a pen. History has been written in blood, not with ink . No letter, 
editorial or book has ever rallied the people or stopped tyranny. We understand this principle 
and are continually propagandizing the people to write letters to the President, to Congress 
and to their local media. We are safe to continually exploit, intimidate and disenfranchise the 
white American as long as they are preoccupied with the illusion of educating the masses 
through printed material. Woe be unto us if they ever see the futility of it, lay down the pen 
and employ the sword. 

"History confirms the fact that the passions of an aroused minority, no matter how 
small a group, have exerted enough power to topple the greatest empire. The movements 
that control destiny are not those that rest on the inactive majority; but on the sheer force of 
an active minority . Will is power, not numbers, for a strong Will will always rule the masses !" 
(In examining the extent of Jewish power and control over America Henry Ford stated this 
control "can be explained only by the Jewish Will to Power." The International Jew (1 920) Vol. 
I, p. 210.) 

"Again, we are safe as long as our Will is stronger, or the Will of the people is 
misdirected, scattered and without leadership. We will never be deposed with words, only 
force !" (Would this not be the logical and proper course of action required to rid the land of 
any type of invader or hostile enemy?) 

The wisdom of Mr. Harold Rosenthal has been set forth truthfully and accurately. The 
question now to you is, WHAT CAN YOU DO TO PROTECT THE NATION AND EVERY 
CITIZEN FROM THE ABOVE POTENTIALS???? 

Those of us who have been in this battle to save our once great nation for so many 
years possibly become calloused, not too sensitive to the horrible things going on around us. 
I must admit however, that the FACTS as conveyed by Harold Wallace Rosenthal have made 
their impact on this writer. The interview, or perhaps a better word might be confession, has 
helped to bring to the surface a reality of what we veterans have known for years, but the 
stark reality of Jewish treachery becomes more shocking when getting it ALL in one package. 



Mr. Rosenthal, a former influential Jew in his own right, prided himself in being a vital 
part of the admitted control of the media, and of their invisible government in which no 
political power is exercised without Jewish approval. Let us also highlight the other key 
remarks of Mr. Rosenthal: 

- That the American people have no guts and the Jews sneer at their stupidity. 

- The Jews' power through their money and the money power afford them a "master 
plan" for international conquest through propaganda. 

- There is in America an "unthinking majority." 

- The Jews' treachery of pitting labor against management. 

- The Jewish belief that Christ was just another man on the earth. 

- That Jews are admitted parasites who have gained control of our society, 
government and economies through their religion. 

- The myth of the Jews being the "chosen people." 

- The confessed "big lie" that the Jews are a religion and not a nation. 

- That the Jews fear being discovered for what they are. 

We are beginning to uncover the whole conspiracy on the part of the Communists and 
World Zionism to capture control of our nation, and the Jews and their prostituted media are 
beginning to admit, as Mr. Rosenthal said, that we have them on the run, Believe us, dear 
reader, it will be a shock to the Jewish world when this gets into circulation and they discover 
we have our hands on this 'first hand' information from a Jew who was formerly respected in 
high government office, and it is this Report that could 'trip the miracle." If, with your help, we 
can get this material distributed in the hands of citizens and even in government offices 
throughout the country, it might help bring about the desired 'action.' 

As you have observed, the Jew conspiracy is to reduce our population to a subservient 
obedience designed to groom us for a Jew-controlled, international, money-changing 



dictatorship designed by Jewish-Zionists and Communists. This is occurring and will continue 
if the American public allows itself to be so subdued. (The ignorance and apathy of the 
people have been an open invitation to the Jew to ensnare them in their socialist plans.) 
These One World subverters who have been running our bureaucracy in Washington have 
permitted over 12,000,000 aliens to come into this country illegally from all the nations of the 
world including China and Mexico and all nations in between. They are holding jobs which 
amount to more than the number of people we have unemployed . 

This manuscript can act as a weapon with which we will open the eyes of the masses. 
They know something is wrong but they do not know what to do. NOW we can show them. 
Only by knowing the truth of the problems can a proper course of action be made. Thus the 
importance of circulating this evidence to tens of thousands is necessary so a victory could 
be within our grasp. Although it is a lengthy manuscript, its contents will hold the attention of 
almost any reader. Why? Because it affects every man, woman and child in America . Yes, 
even throughout the world . IT IS THAT IMPORTANT! There cannot ever be another 
document of such vital importance. 

This has to do with life and death truth. The revelations in this document are shocking 
and unbelievable to the innocent who can scarcely imagine such self-confessed evil 
ambitions. Mr. Rosenthal appeared to take great pride in being able to disclose some of their 
inner, untold secrets - all of which unfolds as we listen to every word spoken (mine and his) 
during the lengthy interview (Walter White's interview with Harold Rosenthal) which is 
recorded on cassette tapes as our documentation. 

The Jewish nation is the enemy of ALL nations . They have already become hysterical 
since this document was brought to their attention. 

God save us! And that appeal to God is not an idle gesture. My Christian faith remains 
intact. "God save our nation," even if at present we are prisoners of a propaganda monopoly 
by a handful of subverters and manipulators. We can, with His help, lift the yoke and break 
the bonds so that our majority by righteous representation, can assert itself in following the 
freedom under our United States Constitution, 



Warning 

There is a risk involved in printing this manuscript. This writer was struck down on 
March 13, 1978 and badly beaten. But I risked my life before and I shall gladly do it again if 
only to get this knowledge into the hands of a few million people. The reward that comes to 
those who stand by the Truth, regardless of the cost, is akin to what our Lord must have 
experienced when He resisted the devil. After the devil went away, the Scripture says, 
"Angels came and ministered unto Him." We are in the final battle. We must do everything 
possible to "Pass the Word"... including prayer. (God has a plan for a nation to follow to free it 
from alien captivity -- "If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble my, and seek 
my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their 
sin, and will heal their land." 2 Chr. 7:14, also Deut. 30:1-4, I Kings 8:33-34.) 

At the time of my interview with Mr. Rosenthal, I knew it was powerfully potent and I 
had an overwhelming confidence in its content to arouse and awaken many who formerly 
disbelieved. It is interesting how the Rosenthal document confirms the theme of the 
"Protocols of The Learned Elders ofZion ." It might be called "Personalized Protocols - 1979 
Edition. " 

Anyone who does not know that the organized Jew is the instigator of World 
Communism, of International Zionism, and is in a conspiracy to destroy Christian civilization, 
is too naive and too ignorant to deal with the problems we face. The Christ-hating Jew who 
conspires against our Christian Heritage, enjoys nothing better than the conservative who 
protects the Jew and will talk about everything dangerous to our country except the Hidden 
Hand of the Jew conspirators, the root of all evil which threatens Christian civilization. (While 
it is "the love of money" which 7s the root of all evil" (I Tim. 6:1 0), the Jew exhibits far above 
other peoples, a love of money; and have an instinctive and compelling desire for attaining as 
much wealth as possible regardless of the means or harm it may cause.) 

This evil force is the " ANTI-CHRIST ," as revealed in the second letter of John, who 
says: "He is the Anti-Christ, that denies the Father and the Son." These Jew protecting 
conservative Americans are knowingly or unknowingly helping to destroy their own country. 
As a result - JEWS RULE AMERICA - THEY PLOT TO RULE THE WORLD - WE ARE IN 
BONDAGE - CAN WE ESCAPE? - YES, BUT ONLY, if the Jew protecting conservatives, 



who are helping the ANTI-CHRIST ZIONIST to DIVIDE AND CONQUER will learn and 
accept the TRUTH and be guided by the warnings of OUR SAVIOUR (John 8:44, and Matt. 
23:1 2, etc.), and never think that they know better than He , -- and if they will UNITE with 
REAL Americans who know the TRUTH , in a battle to save our Country, we can escape from 
the clutches of CHRIST'S WORST ENEMIES -- THE ANTI-CHRIST JEWS, for this is ONE of 
several ways in which our Country can be saved. 

This means that whosoever forgets or omits the Jewish question, be it through 
ignorance, or fear, is unfit to be a preacher, teacher or official. This means that every Security 
risk, ONE WORLDERS ATLANTIC UNION PLOTTER and Alien ANTI-CHRIST ZIONIST, 
whose loyalty is to another Country, and all of their TRAITOR agents and stooges MUST BE 
BANISHED BY "REAL" AMERICANS UNITED FROM EVERY POSITION OF POWER AND 
INFLUENCE IN THIS NATION - AND INSTEAD - PUT NONE BUT REAL AMERICANS ON 
GUARD" - For this is the way by which our Country started, and thus the way it can be 
saved. 

"Most Jews do not like to admit it, but our god is Lucifer. " 

The above is an exact quote of Harold Wallace Rosenthal, former top Administrative 
Aide to the then Senator Jacob Jayits, who was since defeated in the 1980 election. 

I, Walter White, Jr., for the past 1 7 years Director and Editor of the monthly 
conservative publication WESTERN FRONT, was told about Mr. Rosenthal's boastings 
around Washington, D.C., and I was encouraged to meet with him and to interview him (for a 
fee). 

Mr. Rosenthal had stated publicly that the Jews will completely dominate throughout 
the entire world - and that they control every facet of political life in America and every 
aspect of the communication media. (Mr. R's emphasis). 

Eventually Mr. Rosenthal and I were brought together, at which time I interviewed him 
privately and taped said interview with Mr. Rosenthal's knowledge and consent. During the 
lengthy meeting Mr. Rosenthal became impatient, rude and vulgar (all of which is recorded 
on the tape) and he sought the balance of his fee before I had concluded my questioning. 



Since the entire interview was so lengthy, in 1977 we released and published only the 
first portion under the same title as above "THE HIDDEN TYRANNY." Copies of this 
manuscript (Part I) have been sought by people from all around the globe. We now release 
the balance of the taped interview as Part Two. Although I do not wish to digress, an Eastern 
analyst has told me that "The Hidden Tyranny" manuscript (Part I) has had a pass-on 
readership of 3.5%. Thus, if true, the manuscript (Part I) has been read by more than 7 
MILLION people. When this final portion (Part Two) begins circulating, its impact may be 
even greater. It depends upon you, the reader. 

Before any agreement was reached between us, I had established with Mr. Rosenthal 
that he would answer an unlimited number of questions with complete honesty and to the 
best of his ability. It was because of this understanding that I took issue with Mr. Rosenthal 
during the final stages of the interview and accused him of not being honest with me as it 
related to his response to my question: "Do you have knowledge of WHEN and WHY the 
story began about the Jews being God's chosen people?" That is when he said in part: "Most 
Jews do not like to admit it, but our god is Lucifer - so I wasn't lying - and we are his chosen 
people. Lucifer is very much alive. " 

As this goes to press, we still seek a governmental body to investigate Harold 
Rosenthal's allegations. My dictionary conveys such allegations as "TREASON." 

We now pick up after a dispute during which the tape recorder has been turned off. 

Obviously where the "W" appears, those are my words. Where the "R" appears, that 
indicates comment. 

W. Mr. Rosenthal, when true history is permitted to be published at large -- when the 
truth actually surfaces -- what do you expect the people of the world will do to you Jews'? 

R. I thought we had concluded this interview. 

W. I'm concerned -- and this question seems to require your answer. 

R. We were all finished White, and now you start to pump me again. I've already given 
you the 'tables of stone' and yet you want more. 



R. Never mind -- you wouldn't understand anyway -- you Christians!!! 

W. So now you damn me because I'm a Christian. I thought we had tried to keep this 
on a business-like basis did we not? 

R. (Mumbled exclamation by Rosenthal!!) 

W. Whatever that is -- or means, you're using words I've never heard before. Are you 
speaking English? 

R. I said . 

W. Will you spell it? 

R. (Rosenthal spells M-l-S-C-H-N-A-H and briefly says it is from the basics of the 
Talmud). Mr. R. continues: Let's not dwell on this. We're not getting anywhere -- besides we 
had concluded things and that ends our agreement. 

W. Are you afraid to answer the question I posed? 

R. Who the hell do you think I am -- I'm not afraid to answer any question but I've 
given you enough information for a book. 

W. Did I not pay you as per our agreement? 

R. Yeah -- sure -- but again you're wanting more. All right, you want my opinion as to 
what the people of the world are going to think when history is written. 

W. Well, I didn't pose the question exactly like that, but go ahead. 

R. I don't give a damn what the people will think. Besides, whenever that happens you 
and I will be dead. Plain dead. Does that satisfy you? 

W. There are two or three questions among my notes here Mr. Rosenthal which have 
yet to be answered and one is quite important. 

R. What is that? 



W. The story about the six million Jews supposedly cremated or murdered by the 
Nazis. 

R. What about it? 

W. Do you know who or what Jewish organization created that big lie? 

R. No, I don't know anything about its authenticity. I don't think it's too important 
anyway. 

W. Mr. Rosenthal, you know better than that, What about the younger generation who 
is growing up believing this big lie? And you say it's not important!! 

R. It was an outgrowth of the war and we all know that Hitler hated the Jews so 
someone, somewhere, thought of exaggerating the number. We know that many, many Jews 
were killed by the Nazis. 

W. I'm sure you know that when World War II broke out there were less than a quarter 
of a million Jews in ALL of Germany. Many thousands had already left Germany. 

R. So what? As I said before, the Jewish people are the cleverest people in the world. 
So somebody thought up a big number and perhaps it grew until now the number of Jews 
killed is six million. We have control of the news media and that is the great difference. 
Otherwise your people could tell YOUR big lie. 

W. Go you brush it off that lightly. Something of such enormity... 

Mr. R. interrupted here saying -- My people have been taught to give consideration 
and attention to our teachers rather than to the words of your people and laws. 

W. You're living in America, Mr. Rosenthal, It is our duty to uphold the laws of our 
Country. Your religion teaches you that you may take an oath such as when being inducted 
into political office -- and if the oath displeases you, you can deny silently the fact you have 
taken that oath. Now I have copies of the Jewish document -- called the Kol Nidre and I have 
proven their authenticity. (The Kol Nidre ("all vows") is found in the Talmud book Nedarim 
(Vows), and is recited each year in the synagogue on the Day of Atonement It allows all 



future obligations, oaths or pledges a Jew may engage in to "be deemed absolved, forgiven, 
annulled, and void, and made of no effect." This allows Jews to lie, subvert, cheat, etc. 

R. Well -- all Jews don't practice that oath business, I'm sure. 

W. But they do practice it, do they not -- with the Rabbi's approval. 

R. To some extent. Perhaps when it is helpful to the individual. 

W. Is that not sinful? 

R. Maybe to your way of thinking. I've told you -- you and I are different. We are 
different people . Our beliefs are entirely different . We have been raised that way for many 
centuries so it is not a sin for us to take any oath and break it. It's our teaching. (This point on 
the difference of character has been made by many other Jewish writers and statesmen, and 
is well supported in history and science. Yet, ironically, Christians continue to believe the 
Jewish lie that "we are all the same" or "equal.") 

W. I've possibly saved the most important question of all until now. 

R. Listen, White, if you're going on any further, my time is money. We made an 
agreement and you're extending it beyond reason. You have it all on tapes and remember 
that we agreed for you to take whatever you want from the tapes and your notes -- but no 
reproduction of the tapes under any circumstances. They are to be destroyed. If you violate 
this White, we'll cut your b s off. 

W. Who are WE? 

R. Just get smart and you'll find out. You don't want any trouble and I don't either. You 
keep our agreement and no one gets hurt!! Now give me the rest of my money. Okay? 

W. I intend to keep our agreement to the letter and you have my word of honor that 
these tapes will not go any further than my use in the preparation of the story. There is no 
misunderstanding. We agree on that and I'll keep my word. You'll get your money in a minute. 



R. I have friends White -- I know a lot of people and I don't want them to be reading 
things attributed to me that I didn't say. I don't give a damn what you or anybody else thinks 
but I don't want lies printed -- only the questions and answers of this interview. 

W. We understand each other perfectly in that regard, Mr. Rosenthal. Now, please, 
this question!! 

R. Shoot. But remember I need Las Vegas money. 

W. Surely you must know somewhere in your schooling, or you have some kind of 
personal feeling or understanding as to WHEN and WHY the story began that the Jews are 
God's Chosen People. 

R. We ARE God's chosen people. 

W. Do you really believe that Mr. Rosenthal? 

R. Maybe I can explain or perhaps Jake could give you a better answer... 

W. Who is Jake? 

R. Jake Javits -- you know, my associate. He's the man that I work for and he's a 
pretty smart guy. Plenty smart. His answer might serve your purpose for the story better. 

W. I want your answer! 

R. . . . You and we actually have a different God . 

W. Is that the answer to the Jews being God's chosen people? 

R. To our god we are chosen ones. We are taught that from our childhood. 

W. That is an evasive answer. You know what I mean when I pose such a question 
and I don't believe your reply or your explanation. 

R. Okay. I don't give a damn what you believe. 



W. Do your people believe that Jesus Christ was a Jew? 

R. Hell! We're not going back to that again are we? We've already gone over that. 

W. That was before the tape machine was ever turned on. I don't think we recorded 
your reply to this question. 

R. Well, I can't answer for all Jews. I guess you're asking what Jews throughout the 
world believe? 

W. Yes. 

R. Jake could answer that better than I. 

W. Please, I don't want Senator Javits' answer to anything. I want your answer. 

R. White, I know what you're searching for. I've known from the beginning but that's all 
right. You and we are so apart. You're another breed. You're not our kind. It's not secret that 
we do not respect you, and of your kind . (Genesis 3:15). 

W. Are you referring to just our kind as 'Christians'? 

R. No, you gentiles -- all of you are our enemies . When I was a little boy, just a kid, 
very young, we were taught very wisely. Many centuries ago when the Jews were persecuted 
in almost every country and driven out of so many countries -- some of the governments, I 
cannot remember exactly whether it was the government of France or Spain. Anyway, the 
government demanded that the Jews must become Christians or be expelled from the 
country. 

W. Yes, I recall reading of this many times. 

R. Was it France or Spain. 

W. Possibly both but I vividly remember the story of Queen Isabella of Spain -- how 
patient she was with the Jews -- always giving them the benefit of doubt -- until such time as 
her eyes were opened completely to the deceptions of the Jews. But please go on. 



R. Anyway, the Jews at that time had a very wise Rabbi leader, a world leader, and his 
advice was respected throughout the world. He said that the Jews must pretend to become 
Christians and bide their time and make real sacrifices if necessary. We have always been 
ready to sacrifice a few thousand Jews in exchange for world leadership. (This was the plan 
of the Jews who instigated WW II. Some Jews were sacrificed so that the "persecution" 
propaganda could continue.) It is a small price and there is nothing wrong with that. I was 
taught that we Jews must become lawyers so we could control and strangle the courts, and 
even the judges, unless they were Jews. We should become doctors and teachers and 
leaders in all the churches -- and this goal has almost been fully accomplished. 

I said it before and I'll say it now -- that we will have complete, I say complete control , 
t hroughout the entire world possibly before I die. We are very successful in keeping you 
gentiles confused. We create confusion . (The word Babylon in Hebrew is Babel and means 
confusion. The Jews are masters at confusion because they are the ringleaders of the 
system known as "Mystery Babylon.") You're not stupid White. You know that the Jews are 
successful because of our unity . We die for one another if necessary. We generously finance 
our own, so it is understandable how we govern not only in this country. We direct American 
foreign affairs. We are the super government of the world . Is that enough? 

W. Go on. I find what you are saying most interesting. Please go on. 

R. We are the most powerful international body of people in the worldl Do you believe 
that? 

W. You speak with such confidence that I . . . 

Mr. R. interrupted -- We can destroy any country's economy without their even being 
aware of it -- if we want to. I think this is what you want to hear. (Most Americans are totally 
unaware that by the Federal Reserve system their money has been stolen and the economy 
debauched.) 

W. I'm expecting you to be truthful with me Mr. Rosenthal. 



R. Well, it's true. We're smart -- we are powerful and at the proper time we will mix up 
your gentile women with the Blacks and in 50 years you'll be all mixed up. Niggers love to s 
w your white women and we encourage it by using them to our advantage. 

W. I recall your saying that the Blacks serve a purpose. 

R. Yes, we will use them to a great advantage. (It was primarily by Jewish merchant 
ships and Jewish-run slave auctions that the blacks got to America.) 

W. And try to destroy them after you have used them I presume? 

R. If necessary. Yes! You and I know they're inferior people, a dumb race, but can be 
useful with the use of money. I mean real big money. Niggers will do anything for money. So, 
when the time comes -- and you might even live to see it -- we will have that complete control 
while you stupid Christians are waiting for your Christ, the impostor, to return as your savior. 

W. You sound bitter. 

R. Not at all. Why should I be bitter? We are on top!! 

W. And when this whole sordid story becomes known, the result will be an aroused 
citizenry -- an angry citizenry who will want to destroy you. 

R. How? I ask you how? YOU can't reach the people. We have it all under such control 
that no one -- no one or no-body can people unless it is done through our media control . 
(Who has ahd control of the mass media in the 20th century? - Chairman of ABC pp Leonard 
Goldenson, President of CBS - James H. Rosenfield, Chairman of RCS - David Sarnoff, 
Chief Executive of NBC - Fred Silverman, President of PBS - Lawrence Grossman, 
Chairman of Time - Arthur Heiskell, Editor of U.S. News & World Report - Marvin Stone, 
Chief Executive of Dow Jones - Warren H. Phillips, Editor of Newsweek - Lester Bernstein, 
President of TV Guide - Walter Annenberg, President of New York Times - Sulzberger 
family, TV program producer - Norman Lear - these and more all are Jews!!) We have it 
sewed up!! We have infected your churches completely and we now control the school 
system in the United States. It is a reality that we have complete control of organized 
Christianity. Almost anywhere - completely. 



W. I find so many things you say to be repulsive. The way you say things . . . 

R. It's what you wanted to hear or you wouldn't have paid good money for this 
interview. 

W. So long as you are truthful with me -- but you still haven't answered that question I 
posed long back -- do you believe that Jesus Christ was a Jew? 

R. As I said, Jake could give you a really intelligent answer. I know that most of our 
friends, kids and people I grew up with -- in fact all of our friends -- I'd say all of them, don't 
believe Christ was a Jew. He was an impostor and millions of people all over the world now 
believe that Christianity was founded on untruth and deliberate incorrect translations of your 
Bible. Christ was a fraud. Even the National Council of Churches agree that there were false 
translations of the book your people respect. It's built on lies. (This comment can hardly be 
regarded as coming from a true Christian source since the National Council of Churches was 
organized by Jews and its theology is controlled by them.) 

W. According to the latest scholarly research, your ancestors are not Israelites but 
Mongolians and Asiatics from Eastern Europe and Western Asia, so your ancestors were 
thousands of miles from the Holy Land. They never, ever saw the Holy Land -- proving that 
your people were not the chosen people of God. 

R. So what? What difference does it make? 

W. We have been taught the big lie for many years that Jews are God's Chosen 
people, so it does make a difference. A very grave difference. 

R. What grave difference? 

W. Does it not prove that the great majority of Jews today are Khazar in origin. Your 
ancestors never trod the lands where Christ walked. They never knew Jerusalem and 
Palestine so how could . . . (Mr. R. interrupted) 

R. (shouting) What the hell difference does it make now? 



W. I find so many things that you have said as being repulsive and your arrogant 
manner in boasting, as it were, to admittedly being a part of this gigantic . . . this heinous plot 
against mankind -- and at times, you attempt to brush things off by saying 'what difference 
does it make'. So much of what you have admitted staggers me, in fact, I lack the words . . . 
(Mr. R. interrupts here). 

R. That's because you're a gentile. You don't understand. You never will! Until it's too 
late and my hope, personally, is that the American people do not... (Mr. R. paused here). 

W. There is so much of what you have said, that as an individual, people may not 
believe you -- they may not believe this interview.. .(Mr. R. interrupts). 

R. That is why we have the control today. One of the reasons. Your people did not 
believe that it was possible for any people or race to accomplish what we have within a 
couple of hundred years. The gentile is stupid. WE are intelligent. I am going to be a very 
important person in and around Washington and soon. I intend to become nationally 
prominent. You are going to hear and read about me in the future. I'm young and have had 
the guts to tell you more than any other Jew would ever dare to tell you -- at least publicly. 
I've stuck my neck out White. Some of what I have told you is part of the inner, invisible world 
of Jewry . 

W. Looking at you now as I denote your change, I see you as a despicable bastard -- 
all of you . . . (Mr. R. interrupts). 

R. No one calls me a bastard and gets away with it!! 

W. You are all contemptible, base and detestable  

R. I'll knock your God damn head off if you call me a bastard . . . 

W. I wouldn't try it if I were you. I too have friends, many of them would like a chance 
to get to you so let's keep this on a formal basis as it was intended at the beginning. (Mr. R. 
then said something which I asked him to spell. He spelled O-Y V-A-Y, Oy Vay, and added oy 
vay iz mir, and when asked what it meant he said I would not understand, but I am including it 
here because it is on the tape. 



W. Many times when referring to a person being a Jew, I have heard it said, 'Well, I 
understand he is a Presbyterian or a Catholic' So, I would like your opinion or explanation. 
How do Jews feel about another Jew who becomes a Christian Scientist or converts to any 
other religion? Is he or she no longer a Jew? 

R. That can best be answered -- well let me put it this way. I don't know what your 
mother and father were -- what nationality I mean . . . 

W. My father was British -- English, and my mother was German. 

R. Well, if you decided to study Zionism or the Talmud or actually wanted to become 
converted and attended the synagogue would that erase your English or German heritage? 

W. Of course not -- but I wanted to hear it from a learned Jew. What you have said 
then is that he or she is always a Jew. 

R. It's stupid -- stupid. We are what we are ! No matter what we join or adopt it doesn't 
change what we ARE. I am a Jew and nothing can change me because I take up another 
religion. Such stupidity! (This concept is verified in Scripture by the rhetorical guestion: "Can 
the Ethiopian change his skin, or the leopard his spots?" And in the parable of the Tares and 
the Wheat we find that the Tares (the children of the wicked) are utterly destroyed. None are 
saved from the destroying fire, none are converted into Wheat. God is not going to change 
the tares into something they never were.) 

W. But the Jews are a great part of this deceit. 

R. We have a talent for confusing your issues. 

W. You are masters of deceit and this cunning practice of yours has allowed your 
people to infiltrate the governments throughout the world. 

R. Why not? Why shouldn't we take over the banks, the universities, the church and 
the government if the gentiles are not intelligent enough to run them? I could not have talked 
this way a few years ago but now it is different. There is nothing to undo our strategy in the 



world today so I can speak much more freely. What I've disclosed may help other Jews to 
speak out if they have any guts. We are not a pusillanimous race. 

W. You're very sure of yourself and your people aren't you? 

R. We may be divided in many things, but nothing ever actually separates us. 

W. Who is WE? 

R. My people, the Jews are 'as one' when it counts most. No incident can ever divide 
us. (Down throughout the centuries Jews have learned they cannot trust other people. Thus, 
the Jewish racial bond is their greatest bond.) 

W. I have heard Jews fight each other with venom! 

R. Ahh, that's entirely different. Sure we will fight one another but as I say, when it 
counts most we're 'as one'. Our forte White is division and duplicity. It is an infallible weapon 
and we are skillful -- perhaps perfectionists in its application. You don't have the intelligence 
to compete. 

W. But we have a culture that you Jews will never understand or equal. 

R. Jews have a family life. Our culture requires a high standard in education. We 
establish standards so that our kids exceed that of their parents. Our people continue to show 
a dramatic educational advancement. Our kids' success doesn't depend entirely on schools 
but on the family and we are damn proud of these accomplishments. You can't compete! 
More than 12,000 doctors are graduated from medical schools in the United States every 
year and almost 10,000 of them are Jews. Among the law students the Jewish percentage is 
even higher. Jews are on such a solid foundation here in the United States that any kind of 
opposition to our control would only be temporary. You know we laugh about the, six million 
story just like the story that Christ was a Jew and the God's Chosen People story. This should 
show people that we have a solidarity like none other in the world. Jews have a closeness to 
other Jews whom they have never seen or perhaps even heard of. (As it is said -"Blood is 
thicker than water.") 



W. Mr. Rosenthal, I hope you haven't lied to me in any of this interview because if you 
did we could retaliate on you. Understand? 

R. What I have told you is true -- ALL of it. I don't need to lie. 

W. I have found the Jews' passion is greed, profit and the destruction of Christianity. 
Am I correct? 

R. I cannot speak for all Jews. 

W. I'm speaking of the great majority of Jews. Am I right? 

R. Maybe most Jews feel that way -- but there's nothing wrong with that!! 

W. I think you just go on and on because there is a bitterness within you and perhaps 
you say things that even you do not believe. Some of the things you say are almost 
unbelievable. 

R. Well I don't give a good God damn what you believe. I've given you honest answers 
and opinions. Now no more questions. And don't forget our agreement -- if I learn that the 
tapes are used other than what we agreed upon you will suffer serious consequences. Do 
you understand? 

W. I understand. And now Mr. Rosenthal, here is the balance of the money agreed 
upon for this interview. 

-- FINIS - 

Dear reader -- after the tape machine had been turned off, I accused Harold Rosenthal 
of not living up to our agreement in replying truthfully to my question as to the Jews being 
God's Chosen people. He replied: 

"We are god's chosen people . . . Most Jews do not like to admit it, but our god is 
Lucifer -- so I wasn't lying -- and we are his chosen people. Lucifer is very much alive." 



I was stunned. I had no further comment. I had watched this arrogant, boastful person 
change at times like a chameleon that changes its color. Many times he showed a hatred -- 
yes, even a venom. At the conclusion I felt unclean being around him, 

The Hidden Tyranny Has Been Revealed 

Much of what Harold Wallace Rosenthal said brought to the surface a reality we 
veterans have known all along -- but this "Jewish" treachery is more shocking when getting it 
all in one package. 

It has been alleged that Harold Rosenthal was killed because he talked too much so it 
is understandable, if true, inasmuch as he made such shocking statements almost seven 
years ago that we now see as a reality. As an example we cite the staggering exploitation of 
the Negro and the Black presence everywhere today. We minimized Mr. R's boastings of 
their control of our churches. Unbelievable then. Now, in the Fall of 1983 it is a reality that the 
"Supreme Court sanctions IRS approved State Churches." 

When Rosenthal made such statements about church control we felt that he was 
bragging, but the present-day persecution of the church and its ministries here in America by 
the government is today a FACT. If you were told that a sheriff and three deputies would wait 
in the darkness of midnight to arrest a Pastor, one Everett Sileven, in Omaha, Nebraska, 
because he intended to resume the daily educational ministry in Faith Baptist Church in 
Louisville -- you would not have believed it six years ago. Today, however, it is just another 
bizarre episode in one of the most incredible stories in American history. Organized Jewry is 
determined and the 'Final Oppression of Christianity via Taxation and Regulation is now 
FACT'. 

The enemy is not coming. The enemy is here . War has been declared on Christianity, 
churches, religious freedoms, the true American Way, and the white race. Are other freedoms 
worth standing for; living for; fighting for; dying for? If so, let's stand up and be seen and 
speak up and be heard. The time to fight for freedom is while we still have the freedom to do 
so. Christians are to be the salt of the earth and the light of the world. Salt and light are 
dominion qualities . It is time for Christians to exercise Godly dominion -- and if by the 



instrument of governmental authority a people is being driven to its destruction, then rebellion 
is not only the right but the duty of every member of that people. 

The hot blood which stood us at Concord still flows in our veins! We need true 
Americans for the defense of America against Jewish tyranny and there are millions of 
freedom-loving, red-blooded Americans out there waiting to be told. So let us ally ourselves 
together in the refusal to permit those alien devils from ruining our once great nation. 

When the American people really discover and realize what the unspeakable Jew has 
perpetrated, their wrath will know no bounds, and the gutters will run deep with blood. 



Other books by author Charles A. Weisman: 




The Right to KEEP and BEAR ARMS 

Author: Charles A. Weisman 



The Right to Keep and Bear Arms is a concise and revealing explanation of the 
facts, principles, history, and law surrounding the fundamental rights to keep and 
bear arms. This material has been compiled and written so that Americans may be 
more informed about one of their most important rights, their right to keep and 
bear arms. 112 pages 




MAXIMS of LAW 

Author: Charles A. Weisman 



This book contains over 1600 maxims of law which are listed under 105 different 
subject headings and also contains over 300 Latin words and phrases and their 
English meaning. Maxims of Law is an excellent reference tool and will help 
anyone who wants a better understanding of law. 112 pages 



Free receipt, possession, dissemination, discussion and transmission of this 
document (or documents contained in this collection or archive) are all hereby claimed 
and maintained as under the Universal Declaration of Human Rights; including (but not 
limited to) those following: 

From the Universal Declaration of Human Rights 
Article Twelve of the Universal Declaration 



1. No one shall be subjected to arbitrary interference with his privacy, family, home or correspondence, nor 
to attacks upon his honour and reputation. 

2. Everyone has the right to the protection of the law against such interference or attacks. 



Article Eighteen of the Universal Declaration 



Everyone has the right to freedom of thought, conscience and religion; this right includes freedom to change 
his religion or belief... . 



Article Nineteen of the Universal Declaration 



Everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression; this right includes freedom to hold opinions 
without interference and to seek, receive and impart information and ideas through any media and 
regardless of frontiers. 



FAIR USE NOTICE 

This site contains copyrighted material, the use of which has not always been specifically 
authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available in our efforts to 
advance understanding of environmental, political, human rights, economic, scientific, and social 
justice issues etc. 

US LAW 

We believe that our use of any such copyrighted material constitutes a 'fair use' as provided for in section 107 of the US 
Copyright Law. In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, the material on this site is distributed without profit to 
those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes. For 
more information go to: http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/17/107.shtml. 



EU LAW 

As regards the use of copyrighted material within the European Union. The European Directive 2001/29/EC of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 22 May 2001 on the harmonisation of certain aspects of copyright and related 
rights in the information society provides in its art. 5 an exhaustive list of exemptions that can be implemented by the 
Member States. 

Amongst that list, the exemption(s) invoked must cover the reproduction and communication to the public (since the 
publication on the Internet implies those two acts). Generally, exemptions will be based on the purpose of the intended 
use. For instance, the Directive provides for an exemption to the exclusive right of reproduction and communication to the 
public when it is made for the sole purpose of illustration for teaching or scientific research, as long as the 
source, including the author's name, is indicated, unless this turns out to be impossible and to the extent 
justified by the non-commercial purpose to be achieved. 

Another exemption is "reproduction by the press, communication to the public or making available of published 
articles on current economic, political or religious topics or of broadcast works or other subject-matter of the 
same character, in cases where such use is not expressly reserved, and as long as the source, including the 
author's name, is indicated, or use of works or other subject-matter in connection with the reporting of 
current events, to the extent justified by the informatory purpose and as long as the source, including the 
author's name, is indicated, unless this turns out to be impossible". 

All the exceptions must comply with the three step test which imply that exemptions must only apply in certain special 
cases (1) which do not conflict with a normal exploitation of the work or other subject-matter (2) and do not unreasonably 
prejudice the legitimate interests of the rightholder (3). 

If you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use', you must obtain 
permission from the copyright owner. 


