9-11 Cop Breaks Silence 

[ and Other Info on Mossad Ties to 9/11 Attack I 




By Dave Gahary - 

September 23, 2011 



The New Jersey police officer responsible for capturing five Israelis who filmed 
and celebrated while the World Trade Center towers burned has broken his silence, 
agreeing to a Sept. 16 exclusive interview with AMERICAN FREE PRESS. 

As AFP readers are no doubt aware, these are the same Israelis who were 
working under the direction of Urban Moving Systems, a Mossad front company 
at the center of Israeli involvement in the Sept. 11 attacks. 



Sgt. Scott DeCarlo has never spoken to the media about the details of that day 
except for two 30-second cameo appearances in Internet videos from undetermined 
sources. In fact, DeCarlo confirmed that this is the first, and last, interview he will ever 
grant in regard to this subject. 

DeCarlo revealed to AFP hidden details about the events of 9-1 1 that 
mainstream media venues should have uncovered 10 years ago, if not for their near- 
total blackout of meaningful coverage where Israel is concerned. 

Although not scheduled to work that day, DeCarlo reported anyway and "was 
posted on the highway" to prevent traffic from entering New York City. 

"There was a BOLO, which is a 'Be On the Look Out' for a particular van, 
perhaps loaded with explosives," explained DeCarlo, "that may have been on its way to 
destroy the George Washington Bridge." 

DeCarlo explained: "It [the a\T^ 
suspicious van] happened to come «**** s "-<w*»*i. 

our way, and I grabbed my sergeant 
[DeCarlo himself was a patrolman at 
that time] and said: 'Hey, man, that's 
our van.' It wasn't the exact license 
plate given reported — it was off by 
one numeral — but I said: 'That's 
gotta be it; it's just too close.'" 

He continued: "The van was coming off the [N.J.] Turnpike trying to get on Route 
3. Traffic was rolling at two miles an hour, so we got in front of the van on foot, weapons 
drawn, and stopped it." 

All five of the Israeli spies refused to exit their vehicle, so DeCarlo was forced to 
get physical. 

"We asked them to get out of the van, but they didn't listen," he said. "So, we . . . 
put them in handcuffs and did it as quickly as possible." 

AFP asked DeCarlo why he thought the Israelis refused to follow his orders. 
DeCarlo was unsure, but asked this writer, "You ever have a gun pointed at your head?" 




DeCarlo then described what happened after the spies were dragged from their 
van. "When we removed them, one of the guys that was rather chatty said: 'We're not 
your enemy, we're your friend. Our enemies are your enemies,'" DeCarlo said. "At that 
point they said they were from Israel. They kept saying, 'Hey, we're on your side.'" 

"We brought them over to the New Jersey State Police holding cells in the 
Meadowlands Stadium, and that's the last I saw of them," he said. Shortly after that, the 
FBI reportedly took over. The five Israelis were held for 10 weeks, but were eventually 
deported to Israel on charges of immigration violations. In November 2001, they 
appeared on an Israeli TV talk show discussing how they were in the U.S. "to 
document the event." 

Sgt. DeCarlo asked AFP to request interested parties not to contact him. 



American Free Press 



FAIR USE NOTICE: This material may contain copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically 
authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available in our efforts to advance understanding of criminal 
justice, political, human rights, economic, democracy, scientific, and social justice issues, etc. We believe this constitutes a 'fair 
use' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law. In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. 
Section 107, this material is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included 
information for research and educational purposes. For more information go to: http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/17/107.shtml. 
If you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use', you must obtain 
permission from the copyright owner. 



BACKGROUND 

The 9-1 1 George Washington Bridge Van 

Further Details 

Corroborating Orwell & a van full of explosives at the G. W. Bridge (source) 

http://wakeupfromyourslumber. com/blog/andie53 1/9- 1 1-george-washington-bridge-van-further-details 



Crimes of the State 

[Some editors find that two mainstream sources (CBS News and Jerusalem Post ) are not enough 

documentation of the George Washington Bridge truck bomb incident . So, here's more.] 

A wonderful corroboration comes from the Deputy Managing Editor of the Wall Street 
Journal, Barney Calame, writing for the American Society of Newspaper Editors : 

"A delivery truck carrying about 60,000 papers bound for Manhattan from 
the South Brunswick printing plant got caught in a roadblock at the George 
Washington Bridge. A van suspected of carrying explosives had been stopped 
— and the entire inbound bridge lanes were closed, trapping the Journal 
delivery truck for several hours. " -Scattered WSJ staff use e-mail, phones, 
N.J. office to publish, Barney Calame, Published: May 31, 2002 

Well now, I guess that really happened, huh? A van was stopped at the bridge. Traffic 
was stopped at the bridge. Reports went out to the world about the van. 

The Wall Street Journal report comes from personal knowledge of events involving the 

Wall Street Journal truck. 

TWO -- DIFFERENT -- VANS 

It should be clarified now that there were at least two vans stopped that day, which has 

led to some confusion. 

One van was stopped at the "approach ramp" to the "George Washington Bridge," with 

either two suspects (CBS/Jerusalem Post) or three suspects ( CNN ). 







A second van was stopped on 

a "service road off Route 3 

near New Jersey's Giant 

Stadium" in "East 

Rutherford" ( ABC/Bergen 

Record ), with five suspects. 

This van was stopped 

"around 4pm" (ABC). 

The latter van was stopped 12 miles away (MAPQUEST ) at the George Washington 

Bridge, after 1 0pm on 9/1 1 . 



CNN also reported the arrests in question: 

DEBORAH FEVERICK, [correction: " Feyerick "] CNN CORRESPONDENT: 
Yes, I can. That is the information that I am getting from two sources, that 
there was a van either on the New Jersey Turnpike or the Garden State 
Parkway, and that it was near the George Washington Bridge. 

There were two or three men who were in the van that was pulled over. It is not 
clear why the van was pulled over, but when it was, law enforcers found tons of 
explosives inside of the van. 

That is, right now, all I am hearing. But again, two to three people in 
custody, and we are trying to get more information on that right now. 



HEMMER: Deborah, I don't mean to put you on the spot here. Do you 
know where on the Jersey Turnpike this was? How far from New York 
City? 

FEVERICK: We do not know that. We are looking into that. There is one report 
that it was on the New Jersey Turnpike. There is another report that it was very 
close to the bridge, if not on the bridge. So again, these details are emerging. 
We're trying to piece them together. But that's what we have so far, two to three 
people in custody, found with a van filled with explosives. 



-CNN LIVE EVENT/SPECIAL, A Number Of Men Arrested With 
Explosives On Jersey Turnpike, Aired September 1 1 , 2001 - 23:28 

ET 
We can be pretty damned certain that: 

1) There was a van very near the George Washington Bridge. 

2) It was stopped at the approach to the George Washington Bridge by 
police. 

3) The traffic across the bridge was closed for several hours. 

4) News reporters were informed of a large amount of explosives in the 
van. 

5) Two or three people were in the van, and were arrested. 

6) No mention at all of these facts (or of "Urban Moving Systems") was 
presented at the 9/1 1 Commission, and it was never acknowledged by 
their (phony) report or by the Congressional Joint Inquiry Report. 

And, you know what? That's enough. Just the fact that we were told about a truck bomb 

on the evening of 9/1 1 needed to be clarified and explained by the U.S. federal 

government in significant detail. 

The fact that they have buried this and pretended it never happened \s damning in and 

of itself. 

At this point, one may say yes, a van was stopped, but it didn't actually have explosives 

in it. 

Okay, but why would someone assume that CNN, CBS, Jerusalem Post and others are 

wrong about the presence of the explosives? And why is that assumption good enough? 

How did all of their sources provide them with the explosives information in the first 

place? 



The van had to contain something that led police to conclude it was "tons" of explosives 

(CNN), and "enough explosives ... to do great damage to the George Washington 

Bridge." (CBS) 

If so, what was in the van? Let us see this evidence for ourselves. 

More importantly: were the two or three suspects arrested at the bridge just ghosts? 

Didn't they exist? What are their names? 

Minutes after the arrests, the Police Commissioner of New York City, Bernard Kerik, 

confirmed (on CNN ) from his own sources the arrest of "three men in a van," and he 

had been told specifically that there were "no explosives in the van." Kerik also evaded 

the question of where exactly this van was located: 

QUESTION: Where in New Jersey, do you know? 

KERIK: I can't say yet. 

Does he mean he "can't say?" He's not a/lowedto say? Or that he doesn't know? This is 

a very odd response to a pretty straightforward question about the location where an 

arrest has just taken place. How is Kerik so sure about the lack of explosives, if he can't 

even be sure where the van was? 

Remember, there were two vans. That much is proven beyond any reasonable doubt. 

The first van - stopped near Giants Stadium ~ did not contain explosives. That much is 

true, although bomb sniffing dogs reacted to this van as if it did, as reported in the 

Bergen Record story (FIVE MEN DETAINED AS SUSPECTED CONSPIRATORS, 

BERGEN RECORD (New Jersey) Wednesday, September 12, 2001). 

The second van, stopped at the George Washington Bridge, is in question. 

Kerik's confirmation of "three men" correlates to the George Washington Bridge van, as 

opposed to the five suspects in the other van who were stopped seven hours previously 

near Giants Stadium, and driven away "in a procession of state police cars around 

5pm." (Bergen Record) 

The timing of Kerik's announcement, 1 1 :30pm, correlates to the later arrests. Kerik 

makes no mention of multiple vans. 



Here's the quote: 

BERNARD KERIK, NEW YORK CITY POLICE COMMISSIONER: I just 
got a confirmation from the Chief of Detectives, he's reach out to the FBI. 
They have confirmed that someone has been stopped in New Jersey, 
three men in a van. However, there was no explosives in the van. All right. 
They're being held for questioning. 

Kerik really stresses the talking point. No one had mentioned "explosives" at the press 
conference up until that moment. The questioner did ask about "resources," a vague 
term that Kerik apparently interpreted as "explosives." (CNN, New York City Officials 
Address Day's Devastation, Aired September 1 1 , 2001 - 23:30 ET) 
I would implore local 9/1 1 Truthers to get the Port Authority Police Department records 
about these arrests at the bridge, and to interview all the involved officers they can 
locate. This assumes the police records still exist and haven't been purged like other 
important bits of history related to "Urban Moving Systems" and the 9/1 1 attacks. 
The Jerusalem Post article has been removed from their website. Coincidentally, it has 
also been removed from the Internet Archive The Wayback Machine, exactly as the Fox 
"News" report was removed: 

"Robots.txt Query Exclusion. 

We're sorry, access to http://cgis.jpost.com/cgi- 

bin/General/printarticle.cgi?article=/Editio... has been blocked by the site 
owner via robots.txt." 

So the reader will need to head to a library that carries the Jerusalem Post if they doubt 

the veracity of the WhatReallyHappened website, where that article is currently 

mirrored . 

The FBI "Be On Look Out" or BOLO alert sent out to local police stations at 3:31pm on 

September 11th: 



"Vehicle possibly related to New York terrorist attack. White, 2000 
Chevrolet van with New Jersey registration with 'Urban Moving Systems' 
sign on back seen at Liberty State Park, Jersey City, NJ, at the time of first 
impact of jetliner into World Trade Center. 

"Three individuals with van were seen celebrating after initial impact and 
subsequent explosion. FBI Newark Field Office requests that, if the van is 
located, hold for prints and detain individuals." (Bergen Record) 

Original article: 

Orwell's Triumph - There is no van full of explosives reported at the George Washington 

Bridge. 

posted by John Doraemi 

Below, the original Urban Moving Systems story from the Bergen County Record : 
Five men detained as suspected conspirators 
Wednesday, September 12, 2001 

By PAULO LIMA 

Staff Writer 

About eight hours after terrorists struck Manhattan's tallest skyscrapers, police in 

Bergen County detained five men who they said were found carrying maps linking them 

to the blasts. 

The five men, who were in a van stopped on Route 3 in East Rutherford around 4:30 

p.m., were being questioned by police but had not been charged with any crime late 

Tuesday. The Bergen County Police bomb squad X-rayed packages found inside the 

van but did not find any explosives, authorities said. 

However, sources close to the investigation said they found other evidence linking the 

men to the bombing plot. 

"There are maps of the city in the car with certain places highlighted," the source said. 

"It looked like they're hooked in with this. It looked like they knew what was going to 

happen when they were at Liberty State Park." 



Sources also said that bomb-sniffing dogs reacted as if they had detected explosives, 

although officers were unable to find anything. The FBI seized the van for further 

testing, authorities said. 

Sources said the van was stopped as it headed east on Route 3, between the 

Hackensack River bridge and the Sheraton hotel. As a precaution, police shut down 

Route 3 traffic in both directions after the stop and evacuated a small roadside motel 

near the Sheraton. 

Sources close to the investigation said the men said they were Israeli tourists, but police 

had not been able to confirm their identities. Authorities would not release their names. 

East Rutherford officers stopped the van after the FBI's Newark Field Office broadcast 

an alert asking surrounding police departments to look for a white Chevrolet van, police 

said. 

"We got an alert to be on the lookout for a white Chevrolet van with New Jersey 

registration and writing on the side," said Bergen County Police Chief John Schmidig. 

"Three individuals were seen celebrating in Liberty State Park after the impact. They 

said three people were jumping up and down." 

The East Rutherford officers summoned the county police bomb squad, New Jersey 

state troopers, and FBI agents, who waited alongside the van as prosecutors from the 

U.S. Attorney's Office tried to obtain a warrant to search the van late Tuesday, Schmidig 

said. 

By 10 p.m., members of the bomb squad were picking through the van and X-raying 

packages found inside, Schmidig said. 

Sources said the FBI alert, known as a BOLO or "Be On Lookout," was sent out at 3:31 

p.m. 

It read: 

"Vehicle possibly related to New York terrorist attack. White, 2000 Chevrolet van with 

New Jersey registration with 'Urban Moving Systems' sign on back seen at Liberty State 

Park, Jersey City, NJ, at the time of first impact of jetliner into World Trade Center. 



"Three individuals with van were seen celebrating after initial impact and subsequent 

explosion. FBI Newark Field Office requests that, if the van is located, hold for prints 

and detain individuals." 

FBI spokeswoman Sandra Carroll declined to comment on the incident late Tuesday. 

State police Lt. Col. Barry W. Roberson confirmed the traffic stop at a late night news 

briefing at state police headquarters in Trenton. He would not elaborate, however. 

Business records show an Urban Moving Systems with offices on West 50th Street in 

Manhattan and on West 18th Street in Weehawken. Telephone messages left at the 

businesses Tuesday evening were not immediately returned. 

Business records show the owner as Dominik Suter of Fair Lawn. A woman answering 

the telephone at Suter's home acknowledged he owned the company but refused to 

comment further. She also declined to identify herself. 

It was not clear Tuesday whether the van stopped by police is related to Suter's 

company. 

A business traveler staying at the Homestead Studio Suites Hotel said she watched 

state troopers drive the suspects away in a procession of state police cars about 5 p.m. 

The woman, who asked not to be identified, said the people detained appeared to be 

white men, but she could not give more details. About 5:30 p.m., police evacuated the 

hotel without offering guests an explanation. 

"First, they told us we could hang out in the lobby, but then they told us we had to 

leave," the traveler said. 

At 10 p.m., the hotel guest said she could see at least two police officers searching 

through the van while a crowd of other officers kept their distance. Except for police 

vehicles and a tow truck, the service road beside Route 3 was empty, she said. 

Staff Writer Wendy Ruderman contributed to this report. Staff Writer Paulo Lima's e-mail 

address is lima@northjersey.com 



Five Men Detained as Suspected Conspirators 



Wednesday, September 12, 2001 
By PAULO LIMA 

Staff Writer 

About eight hours after terrorists struck Manhattan's tallest skyscrapers, police in 
Bergen County detained five men who they said were found carrying maps linking them 
to the blasts. 

The five men, who were in a van stopped on Route 3 in East Rutherford around 
4:30 p.m., were being questioned by police but had not been charged with any crime 
late Tuesday. The Bergen County Police bomb squad X-rayed packages found inside 
the van but did not find any explosives, authorities said. 

However, sources close to the investigation said they found other evidence 
linking the men to the bombing plot. 

"There are maps of the city in the car with certain places highlighted," the source 
said. "It looked like they're hooked in with this. It looked like they knew what was going 
to happen when they were at Liberty State Park." 

Sources also said that bomb-sniffing dogs reacted as if they had detected 
explosives, although officers were unable to find anything. The FBI seized the van for 
further testing, authorities said. 

Sources said the van was stopped as it headed east on Route 3, between the 
Hackensack River bridge and the Sheraton hotel. As a precaution, police shut down 
Route 3 traffic in both directions after the stop and evacuated a small roadside motel 
near the Sheraton. 

Sources close to the investigation said the men said they were Israeli tourists, 
but police had not been able to confirm their identities. Authorities would not release 
their names. 



East Rutherford officers stopped the van after the FBI's Newark Field Office 
broadcast an alert asking surrounding police departments to look for a white Chevrolet 
van, police said. 

"We got an alert to be on the lookout for a white Chevrolet van with New Jersey 
registration and writing on the side," said Bergen County Police Chief John Schmidig. 
"Three individuals were seen celebrating in Liberty State Park after the impact. They 
said three people were jumping up and down." 

The East Rutherford officers summoned the county police bomb squad, New 
Jersey state troopers, and FBI agents, who waited alongside the van as prosecutors 
from the U.S. Attorney's Office tried to obtain a warrant to search the van late Tuesday, 
Schmidig said. 

By 10 p.m., members of the bomb squad were picking through the van and X- 
raying packages found inside, Schmidig said. 

Sources said the FBI alert, known as a BOLO or "Be On Lookout," was sent out 
at 3:31 p.m. 

It read: 

"Vehicle possibly related to New York terrorist attack. White, 2000 Chevrolet van 
with New Jersey registration with 'Urban Moving Systems' sign on back seen at Liberty 
State Park, Jersey City, NJ, at the time of first impact of jetliner into World Trade Center. 

"Three individuals with van were seen celebrating after initial impact and 
subsequent explosion. FBI Newark Field Office requests that, if the van is located, hold 
for prints and detain individuals." 

FBI spokeswoman Sandra Carroll declined to comment on the incident late 
Tuesday. 

State police Lt. Col. Barry W. Roberson confirmed the traffic stop at a late night 
news briefing at state police headquarters in Trenton. He would not elaborate, however. 

Business records show an Urban Moving Systems with offices on West 50th 
Street in Manhattan and on West 18th Street in Weehawken. Telephone messages left 
at the businesses Tuesday evening were not immediately returned. 



Business records show the owner as Dominik Suter of Fair Lawn. A woman 
answering the telephone at Suter's home acknowledged he owned the company but 
refused to comment further. She also declined to identify herself. 

It was not clear Tuesday whether the van stopped by police is related to Suter's 
company. 

A business traveler staying at the Homestead Studio Suites Hotel said she 
watched state troopers drive the suspects away in a procession of state police cars 
about 5 p.m. 

The woman, who asked not to be identified, said the people detained appeared 
to be white men, but she could not give more details. About 5:30 p.m., police evacuated 
the hotel without offering guests an explanation. 

"First, they told us we could hang out in the lobby, but then they told us we had to 
leave," the traveler said. 

At 10 p.m., the hotel guest said she could see at least two police officers 
searching through the van while a crowd of other officers kept their distance. Except for 
police vehicles and a tow truck, the service road beside Route 3 was empty, she said. 

Staff Writer Wendy Ruderman contributed to this report. Staff Writer Paulo Lima's e-mail address is 
lima@northjersey.com 

Copyright © 2001 North Jersey Media Group Inc. 




Employer of the Dancing Israelis Got $498,750 from SBA before 9-11 
$498,750 Small Business Loan to Urban Moving Systems in 2001 



In mid June 2001, Dominic Suter, an Israeli businessman received a Small Business Loan for 
nearly half a million dollars. In July Larry Silverstein, signed a 99 year lease for the World Trade Center 
and insured it for $3.5 billion dollars against a terrorist attack. 

On September 10, 2001 , the Army School of Advanced Military Studies issued a report written by elite 
US army officers, which was made public just prior to 9/1 1 . The report gave the following description for 
the Mossad: "Wildcard. Ruthless and cunning. Has capability to target US forces and make it look 
like a Palestinian/Arab act." [Washington Times, 9/10/01] 

On Friday, September 14, 2001 , Fox News reported, "The New York Times reported Thursday that a 
group of five men had set up video cameras aimed at the Twin Towers prior to the attack on Tuesday, 
and were seen congratulating one another afterwards." - FOX." 
http://www.foxnews.com/storv/0,2933,34250,00.html 
ABC reported on the news journal, 20/20 : 

Maria, who asked us not to use her last name, had a view of the World Trade Center from her New 
Jersey apartment building. She remembers a neighbor calling her shortly after the first plane hit the 
towers. She grabbed her binoculars and watched the destruction unfolding in lower Manhattan. But as 
she watched the disaster, something else caught her eye. 

Maria says she saw three young men kneeling on the roof of a white van in the parking lot of her 
apartment building. "They seemed to be taking a movie," Maria said. 

The men were taking video or photos of themselves with the World Trade Center burning in the 
background, she said. What struck Maria were the expressions on the men's faces. "They were like 
happy, you know. They didn't look shocked to me. I thought it was very strange," she said. 

She found the behavior so suspicious that she wrote down the license plate number of the van 
and called the police. Before long, the FBI was also on the scene, and a statewide bulletin was issued 
on the van. 

The plate number was traced to a van owned by a company called Urban Moving. Around 4 p.m. on 
Sept. 1 1 , the van was spotted on a service road off Route 3, near New Jersey's Giants Stadium. A 
police officer pulled the van over, finding five men, between 22 and 27 years old, in the vehicle. The 
men were taken out of the van at gunpoint and handcuffed by police. 

[...] 

The men ranged in age from 22 to 27. The driver was Sivan Kurzberg. The other passengers included 

his brother, Paul Kurzberg, Yaron Shmuel, Oded Ellner and Omer Marmari. The men, who all said 

they worked for Urban Moving, were taken to this new Jersey State Police Station and questioned by the 

FBI. 

ABC News has learned that after the five men were taken to jail, the entire case was transferred out 
of FBI's criminal division and into its foreign counterintelligence section, which is responsible for 
espionage cases. One reason for the shift, according to our sources, is that the FBI believed Urban 
Moving may have provided a cover for agents of Israeli intelligence. Urban Moving is owned by 
Dominic Suter, an Israeli businessman. After the five men were arrested in one of his vans, the FBI 
got a warrant and searched the company's offices. 
[...] 

Dominic Suter's attorney confirms that the FBI removed boxes of documents and a dozen 
computer hard drives from Urban Moving. He insists his client answered all of the FBI's questions. But 
a few days later, when the FBI wanted to interview Mr. Suter again, he was gone. 

Our 20/20 cameras took these pictures inside Urban Moving some three months later. And as you can 
see, it looked like Suter shut down the business in a big hurry. Cell phones and personal effects 



were lying around Suter's office, the phones were still connected with hundreds of messages waiting. 

There were job applications to be processed, and the property of dozens of families packed in the 

warehouse. Dominic Suter's company closed down in such a hurry, some of their customers, like 

Frank Crisp, were left hanging. 

[...] 

Dominic Suter cleared out of his New Jersey home, too, and he'd put it up for sale. Suter and his 

family had returned to Israel. We called him there, but he refused to talk to us about Urban 

Moving. 

[...] 

Sources tell 20/20 the FBI developed film from a camera taken from the Israelis, and that it shows 

the three on top of the white van were smiling and appeared to be clowning around. The five 

Israelis were held at this federal jail for allegedly overstaying their visas. 



Interviewed in Israel by ABC 20/20's John Miller: 

Although Paul and Sivan would not talk with us about the incident, Sivan and two of the other detainees 
did go on an Israeli talk show after their return. 

Oded Ellner denied they were laughing or happy that day. 

Mr. ODED ELLNER: (Through translator, from Israeli talk show) Nothing of the kind, the fact of the 

matter is, we are coming from a country that experiences terror daily. Our purpose was to 

document the event. 

ABC source 

But how did they know there would be an event to document? In spite of this obvious question, 

Barbara Walters evaded the logical response to this question. 

On September 14, 2001 the head of this shady company, Dominick Suter, fled the United States to 
Israel. The FBI later told ABC News that Urban Moving Systems, Inc. may have been providing 
cover for an Israeli intelligence operation. Suter has been linked to the five Israeli agents, 
employees of UMS, caught filming the WTC attack and celebrating as the buildings fell. The FBI 

had questioned Suter around September 12, removing boxes of documents and a dozen computer hard 
drives. However, when the FBI returned a few days later, he was gone. [New Jersey Department of 
Law and Public Safety 1 2/1 3/2001 ; Forward, 3/1 5/2002; ABC News, 6/21/2002] 

Shortly after the collapse of the towers a witness called the police and reported that the 5 individuals 
were, "going to unusual lengths to photograph the World Trade Center ruins" and they were 
obviously and blatantly "making light of the situation." The witness stated that these men were on 
the roof of the office of their employer, Urban Moving Company, and were posing, dancing, and laughing. 
[New York Times 10/8/01 ; Bergen Record 9/1 2/01 ; Ha'aretz 9/1 7/01 ; Gotham Gazette 1 1/2/01] 

After their indiscreet celebration on the roof of the building, the five Israelis headed down to a nearby 
parking lot where they mounted the roof of their truck and resumed their photographing and celebrating. 
Another witness called the police and told them that the men were smiling, dancing, and giving each other 
high-fives while viewing the destruction of the symbol of Free Enterprise in America. [Gotham Gazette 
1 1 /2/01 ; ABC News, 6/21/02] 

A few hours later, the five Israelis were stopped by police while driving their truck. One individual 
had $4,700 in cash hidden in his sock, while another had two foreign passports. They were also 
found to be in the possession of a box- cutter, which they presumably had because of their job as 
professional movers. [New York Times 10/8/01 ; Gotham Gazette 1 1/2/01 ; ABC News, 6/21/02] 
December 13, 2001 



State Granted Access to Moving Company's Storage Facility 

NEWARK- The State Division of Consumer Affairs ("Consumer Affairs") is asking all citizens who have 
goods stored at Urban Moving Systems' Weehawken warehouse to immediately contact Consumer 
Affairs, Attorney General John J. Farmer, Jr., and New Jersey Division of Consumer Affairs Director Mark 
S. Herr announced today. 

The State on Wednesday obtained a court order giving inspectors from Consumer Affairs access to the 
facility allowing consumers access to retrieve their goods and belongings. The State, at the same time, 
filed a lawsuit in Hudson County Superior Court against Urban Moving Systems and its owner 
Dominick Suter alleging violations of both the State's Consumer Fraud Act and regulations set forth in 
the Public Movers and Warehousing Licensing Act. 

According to the complaint, on or about September 14, 2001, Suter departed from the United States 
and left no one acting as an agent for Urban. 

The complaint also alleges that Suter violated the Mover's Act by, among other things, failing to provide 
Consumer Affairs the name of a current contact person or agent, not adequately responding to consumer 
requests for access to their belongings and not having an agent available for at least 20-30 per week to 
allow consumers access to their belongings. 

"We became aware of the hardship consumers faced who could not get access to their belongings at 
Urban's warehouse," Attorney General Farmer said. "By obtaining this court order we can now offer 
consumers access to what is rightfully theirs. Our lawsuit should serve notice that we intend to prosecute 
those who violate our laws and undermine the public's trust." 

"It appears that goods belonging to approximately 100 consumers are stored at the warehouse. Thus far 
we have only heard from 36 consumers," Herr said. "We have access to the facility for 30 days so we are 
urging consumers who have goods stored with Urban to contact us as soon as possible." 

Shortly after the arrest of the men, FBI officials suspected that the Urban Moving company was an 
Israeli intelligence front. Vince Cannistraro, a former chief of operations for counterterrorism, told ABC 
News that the FBI was concerned that the moving company had been "set up or exploited for the 
purpose of launching an intelligence operation against radical Islamists in the area, particularly in the 
New Jersey-New York area." [ABC News, 6/21/02] 

The five employees who were taken into custody were all former members of the Israeli Army. 
After being transferred to jail, the FBI's Criminal Division sent the case to the Counterintelligence 
Section on account of suspicions that they were Israeli spies. They were then detained for more that 
two months. Some of them spent 40 days in solitary confinement. [New York Times 1 1/21/01 ; ABC 
News, 6/21/02] 

Naturally, several individuals attempted to research this item. One high-ranking U.S. intelligence source 
told Forward magazine that intelligence agents' investigation of Urban Moving Company led them 
to believe it was a front for the Israeli Mossad. It should be noted that, at present there is no publicly 
available information that conclusively confirms this allegation. However the above described incident, 
reported by various news sources, certainly casts a very dark shadow of suspicion on the company and 
its employees. 

Michael Chertoff was Assistant Attorney General in charge of criminal investigations on 9-1 1 after a stint 
as US Attorney for New Jersey. New Jersey was Michael Chertoff's turf. 



Expanded Detail on Individual Transactions for FY 2001 

Award Or Aggregate #1 

Recipient Information Section help link 

Recipient Name URBAN MOVING SYSTEMS INC 

Recipient City Name BAYONNE 

Recipient County Name HUDSON 

Recipient State Code New Jersey 

Recipient Zip Code 07002 

Congressional District NJ90: New Jersey unknown districts 

Recipient Category Individuals 

Recipient Type individual 

Project and Award Info Section help link 

Major Agency Small Business Administration 

Agency Code 7300: Small Business Administration 

Agency Name SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION 

Federal Award ID 45966540 

State Application ID Number SAI EXEMPT 

CFDA Program Number 59.012: Small Business Loans 

CFDA Program Title SMALL BUSINESS LOANS 

Assistance Category Loans (both direct and guaranteed) 

Assistance Type guaranteed/insured loan 

Project Description TO AID SMALL BUSINESSES WHICH ARE UNABLE TO OBTAIN FINANCING IN 

THE PRIVATE CREDIT MARKETPLACE 

Action Section help link (Award or Aggregate #1) 

Fiscal Year 2001 

Action Type new assistance action 

Federal Funding Amount $498,750 * SBA loan help link 

Non-Federal Funding Amount $166,250 

Total Funding Amount $665,000 [obviously not to be repaid, as he skipped to Israel] 

Obligation / Action Date 06/22/2001 

Starting Date 06/22/2001 

Ending Date 06/22/2024 

Record Type individual action 

* Note: The Small Business Administration appears to include loans that have been authorized but for 

which no disbursement of funding was made in their spending data that is reported to the U.S. Census 

Bureau. We have alerted SBA of this problem in its data and are working with them to resolve it. 

Principal Place Section help link 
Principal Place Code 3403580 
Principal Place State NEW JERSEY 
Principal Place County or City BAYONNE 



Israel did 9/11 UPDATED, REVISED - 
Shocking and revealing 

World Monday, May 10th, 2010 

Who leased the WTC only seven weeks before 9/11? 

Larry Silverstein — Explains his reason for purchasing the towers as "I felt a compelling 
urge to own them." Larry had breakfast in "Windows on the World" restaurant every 
single morning. On 9/1 1 he never showed up. Neither did his daughter who worked in 
building 7. 

Frank Lowy — Owner of Westfield America. In May 2001, Westfield paid $US127 
million for a 99-year lease on the retail area beneath the New York World Trade Center. 
Lowy was a member of the Golani Brigade, and fought in the Israeli war of 
independence. Lowy steered clear of the WTC on 9/1 1 . 
Who authorized the lease of the WTC complex to Silverstein? 

Lewis Eisenberg — Chairman of the New York Port Authority. 

All three men are high ranking Jews in the Anti Defamation League and United Jewish 
Appeal. 

Who pushed the WTC for privatization? 

-Ronald S. Lauder 

He was on the board of directors of the NY board of privatization. He is the key 
individual who lobbied for the privatization of the WTC, but he also got Stewart Airport, 
formerly Stewart AFB, to become privatized. Oddly, the flightpaths of flight 175 and 
flight 1 1 converged directly over this airport. 

Lauder is active in the following organizations: 

-Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations 

-Jewish National Fund 

-World Jewish Congress 



-American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee 
-Anti-Defamation League 
-Jewish Theological Seminary 

Lauder has funded a school for the Mossad \u Herzliya, Israel. 

Who ran security at all three airports of "alleged" hijackings? 

ICTS International / Huntsleigh USA (wholly owned subsidiary) 

Owned by Ezra Harel and Menachem Atzmon. Both Israeli Jews. 

It is run by "experts" in the security and intelligence field. Israeli intelligence that is. Most 
employees were ex- Shin Bet agents. 

Is this airport security company, who ran the security at Dulles, Logan, and Newark, 
really that shotty to allow 19 arabs on board 4 different planes with boxcutters, mace, 
and even a gun, or is there something else going on here? 

Menachem Atzmon was involved in an Israeli political scandal involving Ehud Olmert 
and other Likudnits in Israel. 

ICTS was also in charge of airport security when the shoe bomber Richard Reid 
boarded a plane with a shoe bomb(allegedly) . 

A few hours before the Patriot Act was voted on, it was edited to make foreign 
companies in charge of security on 9/1 1 immune to lawsuits. This would prevent 
American courts from demanding that ICTS provide testimony or hand over the missing 
surveillance videos from the airports. 

Who was on board flight 1 1 ? 

-Daniel Lewin 

Lewin, an Israeli Jew, was confirmed to be a member of the special Israeli commando 
unit, the Sayeret Matkal, which specializes in "anti-hijack" takeovers and assassinations. 
Originally, Betty Ong pointed to his seat, 9B, as the one shooting people with a gun and 
leading the hijacking. It was later changed to him being shot, later revised to him being 



stabbed. 

Who had the contract to run security at the WTC? 

Associates, owned by... 

Jules Kroll - Jewish 
Kroll was run by... 

-Jerome Hauer 

Hauer was also the guy chosen to run Mayor Rudy Guiliani's office of emergency 
management from 1996 to 2000. 

Jerome Hauer is also Jewish. Hauer's mother, Rose Muscatine Hauer, is the retired 
Dean of the Beth Israel School of Nursing and the Honorary President of the New York 
Chapter of Hadassah, the Daughters of Zion movement that is one of the central Zionist 
organizations involved in the creation and maintenance of the State of Israel. 

Hauer, however, told journalist Sander Hicks in a phone conversation that Larry 
Silverstein hired a "private" security team on his wtc complex. I wonder who manned 
this "private" security team, since they are the lead suspects in the placing of 
explosives. 

Were Jews forewarned of the attacks? 

Israeli instant messaging company, Odigo, admitted that two of its employees received 
instant messages warning of an impeding attack 2 hours prior to the first plane hitting. 

This warning was not passed on to authorities, which could have saved thousands of 
lives. 

Odigo has a feature on its service that allows the passing on of messages through a 
search feature based on nationality, such as Israeli. Knowing these two particular Jews 
were forewared, it is very likely they passed the message on to other Jews considering 
that out of the 4000 Israeli Jews believed to work in the trade towers, only ONE died 
that day. 



Odigo has offices in New York, and in Herzliya, Israel. Herzliya happens to be the Head 
Quarters ofMossad. Do the math. 

Odigo was later bought up by another Israeli company called Comverse. The CEO of 
Comverse was Kobi Alexander, "dual" Israeli-US citizen, with connections to Mossad. 
He has been charged on several counts of fraud. 

Goldman Sachs Forewarned 

- On Sep 10, 2001, the Tokyo branch of Goldman Sachs warned its American 
employees to steer clear of American buildings. 

Israeli ZIM Integrated Shipping Services Forewarned 

- ZIM, an Israeli company, vacated its office (10,000 square feet) in the North WTC 
tower a few days before 9/1 1 , breaking its lease. 49% of this company is owned by the 
Israeli government. The lease ran till the end of 2001 , and the company lost $50,000 by 
breaking the lease. Later, FBI agent Michael Dick, who was investigating Israeli spying 
before and after 9/1 1 and looking into the suspicious move, was removed from his 
duties by the head of the Justice Department's criminal division, Michael Chertoff 
(Jewish). 

Israeli espionage around 9/1 1 

- Shortly before 9/1 1 , over 140 Israelis had been arrested for suspected espionage. 
Some of them were posing as Art students. These suspects targeted or penetrated 
Military bases, DEA, FBI, Secret Service, ATF, U.S. Customs, IRS, INS, EPA, Interior 
Dept., U.S. Marshal's Service, various U.S. Attorneys Offices, Secret government 
offices Unlisted private homes of law enforcement/ intelligence officers. Most of the 
suspects served in military intelligence, electronic surveillance intercept and or 
explosive ordinance units. 

Dozens of Israelis were arrested in American malls kiosks selling toys, acting as a front 
for a spying operation. 



60 detained suspects worked for the Israeli company AMDOCS which provides most 
directory assistance calls and almost call records and billings services for the U.S. by 
virtue of its contracts with the 25 largest telephone companies in the U.S. 

All alleged 9/1 1 hijackers had fake IDs. During a joint FBI-CIA operation against the 
lead patsy hijacker Mohammad Atta in Fort Lee, NJ in 2001, the operation was 
photographed by Israeli agents and thereby compromised. These Jews were providing 
cover for the future patsy hijacker teams. 

Fox News Report — 4 part series 
http://www.youtube. com/watch? v=cAFRgT2w6Dk 
http://www.youtube. com/watch? v=d4L9Pv2cnNY&feature=related 
http://www.youtube. com/watch? v=3wS0SwyFXjE&feature=related 
http://www.youtube. com/watch? v=qal_GM-0U3d0&feature=related 

More Israelis caught after 9/1 1 — 60 of them! 

After 9/1 1 - More detentions of Israelis 

Following 9/1 1 , over 60 Israelis were detained either under the Patriot anti-Terrorism 
Act or for immigrations violations. Some of them were active Israeli military personnel. A 
number of them failed polygraph examinations when questioned for surveillance 
activities against the U.S. Some of them were found to have been spying on Arabs. 

This includes the "dancing Israelis" who were caught in multiple places filming, and 
cheering the attacks. These men admitted being mossad agents. 

Their names were Sivan & Paul Kurzberg, Yaron Schmuel, Oded Ellner. 

They later appeared on an Israeli talk show and claimed to be "documenting the event". 
CIA agent Robert Baer confirmed their cameras were set up BEFORE the first plane 
struck. 

Another group of Israelis were caught with truck bombs around the George Washington 
Bridge. 



A third group of Jews were caught with a van that had a mural painted on the side 
literally depicting the 9/1 1 attacks. 

All of the white vans were working for the Mossad front company called "urban moving 
systems" under direction of Dominic Suter, a Mossad agent, who fled to Israel right after 
9/11. 

ALL of these Jews were sent back to Israel under direction of Michael Chertoff. 

Don't think Israel could disable Norad? THINK AGAIN!! 

Ptech Software systems - computer control backdoor 

Most national security computerized systems that would have scrambled jets in the 

event of national emergencies such as multiple hijackings were running on Ptech 

software. 

Jew Michael S. Goff was marketing manager at Ptech and also worked for Isareli 
database company Guardium (Jew Director Amit Yoran); Guardium has been funded by 
Mossad fronts. Ptech was funded by Lebanese and Saudi Americans, but why did Goff 
leave a well-paying job at a Jewish law firm for the dodgy startup Ptech? Goff was 
obviously working as a sayanim. 

MITRE corporation (computer software) 

MITRE - major defense contracting organization headed by former Director of Central 
Intelligence Jew James Schlesinger. 

Ptech was with the MITRE corporation in the basement of the FAA for two years prior to 
9/11. Their specific job was to look at inter-operability issues the FAA had with NORAD 
and the Air Force in the case of an emergency. 

This software was installed on the computers of most U.S government agencies. 
Including the military 

Precision guided plane anyone? 



The plane hitting WTC North Tower 

The first plane to hit the WTC (North Tower) hit the computer room of Jewish-owned 
Kroll Associates (Managing Director Jerome M. Hauer), the company that had acquired 
control of building security after the 1993 bomb attack on the WTC. Precision guided by 
equipment in the office anyone? 

Who could possibly remote control planes into the towers? Ask DOV ZAKHEIMM 

Dov Zakheim's System Planning Corporation - remote airplane control technology 
The SPC Corporation provided the flight termination system and command transmitter 
system, the technology that allows planes to be remote controlled should the pilots be 
incapacitated or the plane hijacked. 

Who quickly shipped off the WTC metal overseas? 

- Alan D. Ratner's Metals Management and the SIMS group. Ratner is Jewish. Ratner 
merged with the SIMS group and the Hugo Neu corporation, and they made a 
handsome profit. Ratner sold over 50,000 tons of crime scene evidence steel to a 
Chinese company at $120 per ton; Ratner had obtained them for $70 per ton. 
9/1 1 Investigation in Jewish hands from the start!! 
Jews were appointed the chief judges: 

Alvin K. Hellerstein - a judge for the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New 
York and has been involved in several high-profile 9/1 1 related cases including 
consolidated master case against three airlines, ICTS International NV and Pinkerton's 
airport security firms, the World Trade Center owners, and Boeing Co., the aircraft 
manufacturer 

Michael B. Mukasey - This Jew judge oversaw the litigation between Larry Silverstein 
and insurance companies after 9/1 1 . Silverstein was awarded billions. 

Michael Chertoff 

Kenneth Feinberg set up the victim's compensation fund ($7 billion); the Jews managed 

to get 97% of the victims' families to take the money in exchange for not demanding a 



legal investigation of 9/11. The minority of family members demanding an investigation 
had to deal with a special mediator: Jewess Sheila Birnbaum. Nothing happened 
though. 

Benjamin Chertoff- (cousin of Michael Chertoff) wrote the 9/1 1 hit piece in Popular 
Mechanics debunking '9/11 conspiracies' using ridiculous strawmen. 

Stephen Cauffman - Leader of NIST coverup of WTC 7 destruction. These lowlifes 
continued to maintain that fire brought down WTC 7, a physical impossibility. 



Who wrote the fraudulent 9/1 1 commission report? 

-Philip Zelikow (Jewish Dual Citizen of Israel) 

Jews in the Right Positions! 

Rabbi Dov Zakheim - Co-author of the PNAC paper on rebuilding America's defenses 
advocating the necessity of a Pearl Harbor-like incident to mobilize America. Served as 
Pentagon comptroller from May 4, 2001 to March 10, 2004. Two large sums of money 
disappeared from the Pentagon under him. In the beginning $2.3 trillion was reported 
missing by Donald Rumsfeld (September 10, 2001) and later Zakheim was unable to 
account for another trillion dollars. Zakheim also had squads of American F-15s and F- 
1 6s sold as surplus to Israel at a fraction of their value. 

Michael Chertoff - Jew assistant attorney general for the criminal division of the Justice 
Department; later, Director of Homeland Security. 

Richard Perle - Chairman of Pentagon's Defense Policy Board. He was expelled from 
Sen. Henry Jackson's office in the 1970s after the NSA caught him passing highly 
classified documents to Israel. 

Paul Wolfowitz - Was Deputy Defense Secretary and a member of the Defense Policy 
Board in the Pentagon. 



plus many many more... 

Israel caught creating fake Al Qaeda shortly after 9/1 1 !!! 

First Ariel Sharon attempts to spew propaganda that he thinks Palestine is harboring "Al 
Qaeda" so as to justify attacks on it... 

Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ... said that al-Qaeda militants were operating in the 
Gaza Strip and Lebanon. "We know that they are there. We know that they are in 
Lebanon, working closely with Hezbollah. We know that they are in the region, "he said. 
BBC News 12/5/2002 

Then Palestinian officials arrested the fake "al qaeda" poseurs who were actually 
Mossad agents. 

"Officials from the Palestinian Authority have accused the Israeli spy agency Mossad of 
setting up a fake al-Qaeda terrorist cell in Gaza. Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat said 
that Israel had set up the mock cell in order to justify attacks in Palestinian areas." [BBC 
News -12/8/2002] 

The BBC's Jeremy Cooke says that the Israeli Government is keen to demonstrate to 
the Americans that they are facing a common enemy. 

Mossad Agent posing as Al Qaeda, AGAIN!! 

Adam Gadahn, pictured above, is the so called Al Qaida spokesperson who released 
videos of himself preaching Al Qaida goals and ideology on numerous occasions. The 
FBI even have him on their most wanted terrorists list. 

It turns out he is a Jew named Adam Pearlman, from California. Adam's grandfather, 
Carl Pearlman, was a prominent surgeon and on the Board of Directors of the Anti- 
Defamation League! 



Fake Al Qaida videos come from Jewish sources!! 

These fake "Al Qaida" Pearlman videos are conveniently always obtained first by a U.S 
gov't contractor called Intel Center . This company is owned and run by Ben Venzke, a 

Jew. IntelCenter is an offshoot of of IDEFENSE, which was staffed by senior PSYOP 
officer, Jim Melnick (Jewish) , who worked directly for Donald Rumsfeld for a time. Intel 
Center is probably getting these "Jihad" videos straight from Mossad HQ in Herzliya, 
Israel. 

Another "intel gathering" company is called Site Intel Group which states its purpose 
is... 

"Studying the primary source propaganda, training manuals, and chatter of 
terrorists offers insight into terrorists and their activities that can not be obtained 
anywhere else. To fulfill this need, the SITE Intelligence Group offers its 
Monitoring Service, which provides numerous daily translations of terrorist 
propaganda and multimedia from primary source terrorist websites." - SITE 

The director and founder of SITE Intel group is Rita Katz. 

It turns out that Rita Katz is an Iraqi Jew! Her father was a Jewish businessman in Iraq 
and was sentenced to hanging after being caught SPYING FOR ISRAEL in the 1 967 

war. After her father was hung, Rita and her mother fled to Israel where she served in 
the Israeli army, which is compulsory, and went to university in Tel Aviv! 

ITE and Rita Katz: we make news! Literally. 

Ishe operates asaterrorism expert terrorising muslims check it out yourslef by typing her 
name if you don't belive it arch enemy of the muslims 



http://www.historycommons.org/context.jsp?item=a091101dariiellewin#a091101daniellewin 

(8:20 a.m.) September 11, 2001: Israeli Special-Ops Passenger 
Possibly Shot or Stabbed by Hijackers 

? 

Daniel Lewin. [Source: Akamai Technologies] An FAA memo written on the evening of 
9/1 1 , and later leaked, will suggest that a man on Flight 1 1 is shot and killed by a gun 
before the plane crashes into the World Trade Center. The "Executive Summary," 
based on information relayed by a flight attendant to the American Airlines Operation 
Center, states "that a passenger located in seat 10B [Satam Al Suqami] shot and killed 
a passenger in seat 9B [Daniel Lewin] at 9:20 a.m." (Note that since Flight 1 1 crashes at 
8:46, the time must be a typographical error, probably meaning 8:20). A report in Israeli 
newspaper Ha'aretz on September 17 will identify Lewin as a former member of the 
Israel Defense Force Sayeret Matkal, Israel's most successful Special Operations unit . 
[ United Press International, 3/6/2002 ] Sayeret Matkal is a deep penetration unit that has 
been involved in assassinations, the theft of foreign signals intelligence materials, and 
the theft and destruction of foreign nuclear weaponry. It is best known for the 1 976 
rescue of 106 passengers at Entebbe Airport in Uganda. [New Yorker, 10/29/2001] 
Lewin founded Akamai, a successful computer company, and his connections to 
Sayeret Matkal will remain hidden until the gun story becomes known. [Guardian, 
9/1 5/2001] FAA and American Airline officials will later deny the gun story and suggest 
that Lewin is probably stabbed to death instead. [Washington Post, 3/2/2002; United 
Press International, 3/6/2002] 



MaskofZion 



"He who is most noble is he who raises his voice for those silenced by oppression." ~ 

Jonathan Azaziah 

Friday, September 17, 2010 

9/1 1 : Israel's Grand Deception 



by Jonathan Azaziah 

When an event occurs that changes the dynamics of the geopolitical spectrum, there is only one 
question that needs to be asked, no matter what kind of information is being force-fed to the 
public by the Zionist media: Who does this event benefit? The answer to this question is always: 
The Zionist elite. The official story presented to the masses in the laughable (and criminally 
false) 9/1 1 Commission Report, overseen by Zionist Philip Zelikow, is so dubious and so 
nonsensical in its arrogance, it is truly amazing that the story was swallowed by the world's 
population as truth to begin with. It doesn't take a scientist, an architect, or an engineer to 
determine that something else other than planes brought down the Twin Towers and Building 7 
at free fall speed on that infamous day. Al Qaeda, Arabic for "The Base" because it was the 
CIA's base of operations in Afghanistan, was not behind the September Eleventh attacks, the 
Mossad and its Zionist criminal network were. Wake up. 

Shocking Prediction or Evidence of Planning? 

On September 23, 1979, a very disturbing interview took place between Zionist Michael D. 
Evans and founder of the Mossad, Isser Harel. Evans asked the former director of the Mossad if 
(Islamic) terrorism will eventually come to America. Harel proceeds to tell the American Zionist 
that terrorism will indeed come to the United States, the attack will take place in New York City 
and it will be on its tallest building (1). Isser Harel was asked to step down from his post as 
Mossad chief by the architect of Al Nakbah and notorious racist David Ben Gurion because his 
terrorist tactics were drawing too much attention to the Zionist State. Harel was behind the failed 
Lavon Affair of 1954, in which Egyptian-Israeli agents placed bombs inside British, American 
and Egyptian targets hoping Muslim groups would be blamed, and Western relations with Egypt 
would be irrevocably damaged. He was also responsible for 'Operation Damocles' which left 
scores of German scientists, writers, and public officials dead under the guise of Nazi-hunting 
(2). After his resignation and subsequent 'retirement,' Harel remained involved with Mossad, 
serving as a consultant and advisor to the terrorist agency before it released any information to 
the public (3). 



Harel's Hand Surfaces Again 

Avraham Bendor, former head of Shin Bet, and Peter Zvi Malkin, agents that worked with Harel 
since he founded Mossad, gained control of the World Trade Center's security through an 
agreement with the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey in 1987. The name of the 
company was Atwell Security of Tel Aviv, a subsidiary of Eisenberg Group, owned by Israeli 
tycoon and Mossad-connected arms dealer, Shaul Eisenberg. The agreement was terminated 
shortly thereafter for what Edward J. O'Sullivan, the Port Authority's Director of Special Plans, 
called "a lack of satisfaction." The executive director of the Port Authority at the time, who 
exerted the pressure on O'Sullivan, was Stephen Berger, who has deep connections with other 
criminals in the Zionist network behind the 9/1 1 attacks, including Larry Silverstein, the current 
leaseholder of the World Trade Center (4). It is illogical to believe that the executive director of 
the Port Authority, a Zionist himself, would hire an Israeli company directly connected to 
Mossad for World Trade Center security, then terminate the agreement for something as vague 
as 'lack of satisfaction.' It is logical however, when considering the facts that will be uniformly 
laid out later in this article, this agreement was initiated and kept in place just long enough, for 
blueprints and intelligence to be gathered for what was being planned by Mossad for the future. 

The False Flag of 1993 

Ramzi Yousef wasn't the mastermind of the failed attack of February 26, 1993 just like Osama 
Bin Laden wasn't the mastermind of the 9/1 1 operation. Yousef and his co-conspirators were 
trained in the art of bomb-making by high-ranking officials in the FBI. Not only was the FBI 
aware of the bomb that killed 6 people and injured 1,042, it supervised the process and had 
dealings with members of Yousef s group as early as 1991 (5). Ahmad Ajaj, a Palestinian who 
was imprisoned in connection with the '93 bombing, was exposed by investigative reporter 
Robert Friedman as a Mossad agent who was trained in an Israeli prison. It was Ajaj who 
was portrayed by the Zionist media as the 'author' of Al-Qaeda terrorist manuals based on 
information received by the FBI. This was a Mossad PSYOP to establish Ajaj as a 'legitimate' 
activist amongst Palestinians (6). Tridata Corporation, a subsidiary of Systems Planning 
Corporation, owned by PNAC member and dual Israeli-American citizen Rabbi Dov Zakheim, 
was granted the contract to oversee the investigation which commenced after the botched 
bombing, and gained valuable intelligence with its unlimited access to the World Trade Center 
(7). Dov Zakheim would play a major role in the 9/1 1 attack and its cover-up. 

Project For A New American Century (PNAC) 

In 1997, two neoconservative Zionist commentators, William Kristol and Robert Kagan founded 
an ultra- aggressive, militaristic think tank which developed and studied ideas that would expand 
America's hegemonic dominion over the globe, in association with emphasizing the necessity of 
strong relations with the Zionist regime. Named "Project for the New American Century," it was 
the single most influential entity in the policy-making decisions of the murderous Bush 
administration, with many of its members actually serving in the administration. In September of 
2000, PNAC released a document entitled "Rebuilding America's Defenses: Strategies, Forces, 
and Resources For a New Century" which discussed the removal of Saddam Hussein and the 
total destruction of Iraq as a nation due to its threat to Israel, and suggested America would need 



to "fight and decisively win multiple, simultaneous major theater wars" to further establish its 
dominance in the Middle East (8). The most disturbing part of the document however, came with 
its call for a New Pearl Harbor, "the process of transformation is likely to be a long one, absent 
some catastrophic catalyzing event — like a New Pearl Harbor." Nobody can deny 9/1 1 served 
that exact purpose, galvanizing the American masses behind illegal wars and genocides against 
Afghanistan and Iraq, all in the name of American patriotism. 



Members Of PNAC 

The authors of Rebuilding America's Defenses (RAD) were credited as Zionists Donald Kagan 
(Robert Kagan' s father) and Gary Schmitt, but contributions were provided by many of its elite 
Zionist members including: Gary Bauer, Robert Bernstein, US Ambassador to the UN John 
Bolton, Rudy Boschwitz, former CIA agent William F. Buckley Jr., Frank Carlucci (CIA 
murderer of Prime Minister of the Congo Patrice Lemumba), war criminal Vice President Dick 
Cheney, Eliot Cohen, David Epstein, Frank Gaffney, Aaron Friedberg, Charles Krauthammer, 
aid to the Vice President Lewis "Scooter" Libby, Lewish Lehrman, Martin Peretz, Richard Perle 
(who was pegged by the FBI for spying for Israel in the 1970s, but never prosecuted), Norman 
Podhoretz, AIPAC official Stephen Rosen, war criminal Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, 
Randy Scheunemann, Pentagon official Abram Shulsky, architect of the first genocide against 
Iraq Stephen Solarz, Caspar Weinberger, architect of the second genocide against Iraq Paul 
Wolfowitz, Heritage Foundation Director Larry Wortzel, and Rabbi Dov Zakheim (9). All of 
these men played their role in the orchestration of the tragic events on 9/11, whether it was the 
planning, the propagation of the mythologically false Zionist media-enforced official story, or 
the aftermath with the illegal military occupations overseas. RAD can easily be found by placing 
the title into any Internet search engine. 

Lies, Myths and Propaganda Of The Official Story 

Any independent investigation into the events leading up to, occurring during, and following 
9/11 will automatically lead to being labeled with the inflammatory and degrading title of 
"conspiracy theorist." However, a closer look at the evidence proves it is the ludicrous official 
story that is the only real conspiracy theory. What the Zionist media has led the masses to believe 
is that 19 Muslim men, under orders of mastermind Osama Bin Laden, with funding from 
various Muslim charities that were fronts for terrorist operations, hijacked 4 planes with box 
cutters, bypassed the $400 billion air defense system of the United States, flew the planes into 
the Twin Towers and The Pentagon with another plane going down in Shanksville, 
Pennsylvania; the Twin Towers then collapsed followed by Building 7 (which wasn't struck by a 
plane, but collapsed anyway) several hours later; despite the US government knowing absolutely 
nothing about the attacks, it knew who the hijackers were, who plotted the operation, where they 
were hiding, and how they carried out the terror in a matter of hours though no formal 
investigation was conducted. That is the actual, literal, widely- accepted mainstream theory. And 
it is pathetic. 

There were no Arabic/Islamic names on the passenger lists released by United Airlines and 
American Airlines (10), so where did the Muslim men come from? At least 8 of the men 



which are said to be the suicidal hijackers by the FBI, are actually alive and well in various 
countries (11). Osama Bin Laden, whose name has been used to justify a genocidal occupation 
in Afghanistan that has claimed hundreds of thousands of innocent lives, is dead. It's been a 
known fact worldwide that he's dead for 9 years and it's even been reported (perhaps out of 
intentional arrogance) by Mossad (12). Osama Bin Laden worked for the CIA under the name of 
Tim Osman and had numerous personal and financial ventures with the Bush crime family and 
the corrupt Saudi regime, extracting funds from both of them and taking orders from US 
intelligence until his death at the very end of 2001. If the CIA ever had any intention of arresting 
Bin Laden to begin with, they would' ve done so when Bin Laden met with CIA officials in 
Dubai just two months before 9/1 1 (13). All of the reports for Muslim charities funding terror, 
the Al Qaeda videos, and the Bin Laden recordings have all been the work of two Mossad- 
connected contractors. The Intel Center is run by Mossad agent Ben Venzke, and is notorious for 
releasing videos of an 'Al-Qaeda' operative named Adam Yahiye Gadahn, whose real name has 
been revealed as Adam Pearlman; he is the grandson of a former director of Israel's propaganda 
arm, the ADL of B'nai B'rith (14). SITE Intelligence Group, founded by former IOF soldier Rita 
Katz, is the major provider of intelligence on 'Islamic terror groups,' not just for the Zionist 
media, but the government's agencies as well (15). 

The multi-layered, extremely advanced air defense system of the US along with the F-16 
responses to any foreign activity in restricted airspace were rendered ineffective due to three 
main factors. The first factor, was Vice President Cheney issuing stand-down orders from the 
Presidential Emergency Operations Center (16). The second factor was the multiple war game 
exercises being conducted by the American military to deter the attention of the response from 
the actual attack (17). And the final factor, perhaps the most important and most damning piece 
of evidence, is the subversion of US government computer networks by a company called P- 
Tech, controlled by yet another Mossad agent named Michael Goff. Goff's father and 
grandfather were deeply involved in Zionist activities as their initiation into the B'nai B'rith 
Commonwealth Lodge in Worcester, Massachusetts confirms (18). Flight 93, which was the 
subject of the romanticized Hollywood film "United 93," entirely written and produced by 
Zionists (Kate Solomon, Lloyd Levin, Paul Greengrass, Eric Fellner, Liza Chasin, Michael 
Bronner, Tim Bevan and Mairi Bett), did not crash into a field in Pennsylvania. It landed at 
Cleveland Hopkins Airport as was reported by local media on 9/1 1 (19). The only plane that hit 
the Pentagon was an unmanned global hawk, and there is eyewitness testimony to substantiate 
this revelation (20). 

A 32-story Spanish skyscraper, the Windsor building, burned for 24 hours but remained 
standing. The idea of buildings collapsing from fire is absolutely asinine. It has never happened 
in the history of modern architecture. 1,277 verified architectural and engineering professionals 
have already signed a petition demanding a reopening of the 9/11 investigation due to the 
illegitimacy of the mechanics in the official story. Professor Steven Jones of BYU discovered 
thermate and thermite (extremely destructive chemicals used in explosives) in samples he 
collected from Ground Zero, exposing the truth of a controlled demolition (21). Ultra-Zionist 
Larry Silverstein, leaseholder of the Twin Towers and chief asset in the Mossad operation on 
9/11, raised the eyebrows of many during an interview with PBS in September of 2002, "I 
remember getting a call from the, er, fire department commander, telling me that they were not 
sure they were going to be able to contain the fire, and I said, 'We've had such terrible loss of 



life, maybe the smartest thing to do is pull it.' And they made that decision to pull and we 
watched the building collapse (22)." 'Pull it' is common terminology used before the demolition 
of a building. Silverstein had much to gain from the destruction of the Twin Towers, and even 
more to gain with the destruction of Building 7, which went down at 5:20 p.m. though it wasn't 
struck by a plane. If there wasn't anything questionable about the collapse, why wasn't it 
mentioned in Zionist Zelikow's distorted 9/1 1 Commission Report? 

Privatization, Insider Trading and Profiteering 

On July 23, 2001, Zionist Lewis Eisenberg, a prominent member of the pro-Israel Lobby, and the 
head of the Port Authority at the time, finalized the deal that would privatize the World Trade 
Center for the first time in its history (23). Ronald Lauder, of the notorious Zionist company 
Estee Lauder Cosmetics, is a major player in the pro-Israel Lobby, boasting active membership 
in the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations, World Jewish 
Congress, Jewish National Fund, American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee, Abraham 
Fund, Jewish Theological Seminary, and the ADL of B'nai B'rith. He also donated a school 
named after him, The Lauder School of Government, Diplomacy and Strategy to the 
Interdisciplinary Center of Herzliya, a Mossad training ground. Lauder was the chairman of two 
organizations, the New York State Commission of Privatization and the New York State 
Research Council on Privatization, that introduced the concept of privatization to the Port 
Authority, and aggressively lobbied for it after the introduction (24). 

The new leaseholders were United Jewish Appeal board member, ultra-Zionist Larry Silverstein, 
and former Haganah terrorist and Golani Brigade Commando, billionaire Frank Lowy, whose 
mall conglomerate Westfield America was guaranteed 427,000 square feet of retail floor space. 
Eisenberg, Lauder, Lowy and Silverstein all had close, friendly ties with Benjamin Netanyahu, 
Ehud Barak, and Ariel Sharon; Silverstein even had phone conversations with the current Zionist 
entity prime minister every Sunday (25). An anti-terrorism insurance contract was established 
with Swiss Re Insurance which would pay out $3.5 billion for a single terrorist attack, and an 
additional payment of the same amount for two terrorist attacks, hence why the Solomon 
Brothers Building, better known as Building 7 was destroyed. Silverstein adopted this policy six 
weeks before 9/1 1 (26). Silverstein' s battle with the insurance company was eventually decided 
in his favor by Zionist Judge Michael Mukasey, who determined the planes crashing into the 
Twin Towers constituted multiple terror attacks, and the fate of Building 7 wasn't necessary for 
the ruling (27). Mukasey would play a crucial role in discharging the Mossad agents captured on 
9/11, and would later go on to become Attorney General for war criminal George W. Bush's 
administration (28). 

Between August 26th and September 1 1th 2001, a group of financial speculators identified as 
Israeli citizens by the SEC, short sold 38 stocks and purchased put options in mass on Merrill 
Lynch, Morgan Stanley, AIG, Swiss Re and Munich Re Insurance, United Airlines and 
American Airlines. All of these companies were directly involved with the 9/1 1 attacks. The 
Israeli speculators were never investigated any further, and they were most certainly not arrested 
(29). 70,000 tons of World Trade Center steel were shipped to China and India for $120 a ton. 
The purchaser of the scrap was Metals Management, owned by Zionist Alan D. Ratner (30). It is 
no coincidence that Zionist Michael Bloomberg (31), became mayor of New York right after the 



9/1 1 assault. One of his first acts as mayor was to cover up AIG CEO and Zionist criminal 
Maurice Greenberg's put option scam through Bear Stearns and Swiss Re Insurance (32). It was 
Bloomberg that awarded the clean-up contract to Ratner's company so the steel would be 
disposed of and prevent its examination by NIST, which was controlled by yet another Zionist, 
Stephen Cauffman (33), the 'Leader of the Structures Group of the Materials and Construction 
Research Division' according to the official NIST website. 

John O'Neil: Sabotaged And Murdered 

His name is one not known by the majority of the American people, but John P. O'Neil knew 
more about Tim Osman (Bin Laden) than any other person in the world. He became the FBI's 
counter-terrorism chief in 1995 and quickly rose through the ranks. Because of his unorthodox 
investigative methods, and a tendency to go against protocol, it didn't take long for John O'Neil 
to come into direct conflict with his superiors. The FBI higher-ups continuously blocked O'Neil 
from digging deeper into the 'Al Qaeda' network, starting with the bombing of Khobar Towers 
in Saudi Arabia (34). It is of extreme significance to note, that the Zionist entity typically and 
erroneously blamed the attack on Khobar Towers on Hezbollah, the Lebanese Resistance 
movement. The same type of military grade explosives used in the truck bomb at Khobar 
Towers, was used in the 1983 marine barracks bombing in Lebanon and the assassination of 
former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. These two incidents were also blamed on 
Hezbollah by the usurping Zionist regime. The marine barracks bombing has now been linked to 
Israel by former Mossad agent Victor Ostrovsky (35), and the assassination of Hariri has been 
extensively exposed as an Israeli operation by Hezbollah Secretary General, his eminence, 
Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah (36). 

After the bombings of the US embassies in Nairobi and Tanzania, which are now also linked to 
CIA and Mossad (37), John O'Neil was eager to be involved in the investigation due to the so- 
called Al Qaeda fingerprints on the attack. The 'superiors' in Washington had a severe dislike for 
O'Neil however, and the NY FBI office where O'Neil worked was left out of the loop. This 
jaded O'Neil even further, and in October of 2000, the beginning of the end came for O'Neil 
when he came into conflict with Zionist Ambassador Barbara Bodine over the USS Cole 
bombing. O'Neil suspected the truth of the matter was larger than he ever imagined, and that Al 
Qaeda may not be the main culprit (38). Bodine received her orders to undermine O'Neil' s team 
by Zionist Secretary of State Madeline Albright, the fervent defender of the genocidal sanctions 
against Iraq. A former CIA agent echoed O'Neil's suspicions when he said O'Neil and his team 
were kicked out of Yemen because they were getting close to uncovering that the US Navy ship 
wasn't bombed by Al Qaeda, but an Israeli cruise missile launched from a Zionist Dolphin-class 
submarine (39). 

O'Neil would return home to the United States frustrated, 20 pounds lighter and in doubt of his 
future in the intelligence community. He continued investigating the USS Cole bombing, but was 
ordered to cease and desist when the FBI pulled out of Yemen. 

Less than a month before the September 1 1th attacks, John O'Neil was forced to step down from 
his position as counter-terrorism chief of the FBI due to pressure from the Bush administration 
and a smear campaign from his FBI bosses (40). He was approached by Zionist Jerome Hauer of 
Kroll Inc. founded by Zionist Jules B. Kroll immediately after he reluctantly resigned from the 



FBI. Kroll had gained control of the World Trade Center's security after the 1993 false flag 
attack, and it became a wholly owned subsidiary of Marsh-McLennan Companies and AIG, 
owned by aforementioned Zionist 9/1 1 accomplice Maurice Greenberg, and later his son, Jeffrey 
Greenberg. The family of Jerome Hauer had deep Zionist fund-raising roots in New York's 
Jewish community, and Hauer himself was very close with Larry Silverstein. Hauer was 
responsible for placing the Office of Emergency Management inside Building 7, much to the 
dismay of the NYPD. Classified information linking the CIA and the Zionist companies that 
profited from insider trading were located in this office (41). 

The younger brother of George W. Bush, Marvin Bush, was a director of the other firm with a 
security contract for the Twin Towers called Securacom, later known as Stratasec from 1993 
until 2000. A year before Bush stepped down, his cousin, Wirt D. Walker III became Stratasec 
CEO (42). Kroll and Securacom were behind the mysterious power-down the weekend prior to 
9/11 where masked men entered the Towers with excessively large amounts of wire that they 
claimed would be used for rerouting internet cables (43). Though Larry Silverstein had breakfast 
in the 'Windows on the World' restaurant on the 107th Floor of the North Tower every morning 
(44), he was conveniently absent that fateful morning. Jerome Hauer, Maurice Greenberg and his 
son, Marvin Bush and Wirt Walker, Jules Kroll, Frank Lowy, Ronald Lauder and several other 
key Zionist assets in the Mossad operation were not present in the World Trade Center on 9/11. 
John O'Neil however, went to work like it was a regular day. The former FBI counter-terrorism 
chief died in the World Trade Center. Due to the affiliations of the Zionist personalities involved 
in smearing him and hiring him as a consultant with Kroll, it would appear O'Neil was 
murdered. 

Re-Enter Zakheim And Lauder 

Israel is the pioneer of drone technology like remote-controlled planes and armored assault 
vehicles, and has made billions off of video game style murder in occupied Palestine, occupied 
Kashmir, occupied Iraq, and Lebanon (45). Remote-controlled vehicles are not something out of 
a sci-fi film, they are an everyday reality, being used by oppressive regimes worldwide to 
terrorize civilian populations. Rabbi Dov Zakheim, the owner of a company that produced such 
technology, was also Pentagon comptroller from 2001-2004. Zakehim was in charge of the 
Department of Defense's flow of money and on the day before 9/1 1/01, war criminal Donald 
Rumsfeld announced that $2.3 trillion had vanished. By the time Zakheim stepped down, another 
trillion dollars had gone missing, totaling $3.3 trillion that seemingly couldn't be accounted for. 
But when the Zionist entity received a weapons package in the form of a military surplus from 
Bush's neo-conservative Zionist administration, including a fleet of F-16 and F-15 fight jets, it 
was none other than Zakheim who negotiated the deal. These new planes would be used in brutal 
Israeli genocides inflicted against Lebanon in 2006 and Gaza in 2008-09 (46). 

The name of Zakheim's aforesaid company is Systems Planning Corporation (SPC), a defense 
contractor that specialized in new age warfare, and specifically, the implementation of remote 
control software into military aircraft. SPC manufactures a Flight Termination System (FTS) 
equipped with long range transmitters, which allows a flight to be hijacked and controlled at any 
time. Shortly before 9/11, Zakheim's SPC contracted with an air force base in Florida to test the 
FTS on at least 32 Boeing 767 aircraft, as part of a tanker deal between Boeing and the Pentagon. 



Boeing, according to an overview on its website, has had a working relationship with the Zionist 
entity for over 60 years. Zakheim's company reformatted the planes with several key parts, and it 
is explicitly crucial to note, Flight 175 which struck the South Tower and Flight 1 1 which struck 
the North Tower, were both 767s. In photos of the remains of Flight 175, there is an object under 
the fuselage that sharply resembles SPC's FTS. Comparing the pictures of the demolished 
'hijacked' airplanes and the tankers on SPC's website, it is impossible to ignore the likelihood 
that the airliners were actually Zakheim's refitted, reformatted Pentagon-Boeing tankers (47). 

Ronald Lauder, the chairman of the New York State Commission of Privatization and the New 
York State Research Council on Privatization, wrote a book in 1992 called "Privatization for 
New York: Competing for a Better Future." In 1994, Zionist Lauder suggested to New York 
Governor George Pataki, whom he had given excessive donations to (48), that privatizing 
airports would bring in huge revenue for New York. Pataki, intrigued by the idea, commissioned 
Lauder to bring his ambitious proposal to life. Lauder had his sights set on Stewart Airport in 
Newburgh, New York. On March 31st, 2000, Lauder vaunted that New York became the first 
state in the nation to privatize a commercial airport, awarding the contract to UK-based National 
Express Group, which at the time, was owned by Zionist William Rollason (49). Stewart Airport, 
is where the paths of Flight 175 and Flight 1 1 oddly and chillingly converged on 9/1 1 (50). 

No Arab names on the passenger lists. The suicide hijackers turning up alive. The erratic flight 
paths of the airliners that became frighteningly precise before impact. The so-called hijackers 
who were exceptionally poor pilots, though described as excellent by the Zionist media (51). 
Rabbi Zakheim's corporation that produces Flight Termination Systems, along with the strange 
events surrounding him immediately before and after 9/11. Flight 1 1 flying directly into the 
secure computer room in the North Tower of Marsh-McLennan Company/Kroll, the company of 
Zionist partners Jules Kroll and Maurice Greenberg (52). Mass murderer Netanyahu, who was in 
New York City on 9/1 1, stating the attacks benefitted Israel and swung American opinion in the 
favor of the Zionist entity (53). Dulles, Newark, and Logan airport security being controlled by a 
single Israeli company, ICTS/Huntleigh, owned by former Shin Bet agents Menachem Atzmon 
and Ezra Harel. ICTS never being questioned by the 9/1 1 Commission (54). Ronald Lauder's 
privatization exploits. When a coincidence turns into a string of coincidences, it ceases to be a 
string of coincidences, and it becomes a pattern. In the case of 9/11, there is an undeniable 
pattern of criminal Zionist involvement. 

Michael Chertoff : Savior Of The Israeli Spy Ring 

One of the more telling anomalies on September 1 1th were the seismic spikes recorded by 
Columbia University's Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory just prior to the collapse of the Twin 
Towers (55). Combine this with the hundreds of eyewitness accounts (many of them New York 
firefighters) that state they heard explosions resembling bombs detonating before the collapse of 
the Towers (56), in addition to the piles of molten metal found in the footprint of where the 
Towers once stood, burning at temperatures that jet fuel at its hottest cannot produce (57), and 
there is convincing, corroborated evidence that a controlled demolition is the cause of the World 
Trade Center collapse. In an investigative report by Carl Cameron of Fox News, 60 Israeli spies, 
in the fields of military intelligence and explosive ordinance were detained on 9/1 1, and more 
than 140 Israeli spies were detained shortly before the events (58). 



The spies detained on that day, tested positive for explosives, including the ill-famed five 
dancing Israelis who claimed to be in New York to 'document the event.' They were pulled over 
on the George Washington Bridge by the FBI, and their van tested positive for explosives as well 
(59). Their names were Yaron Shmuel, Omer Marmari, Sivan and Paul Kurzberg, and Oded 
Ellner. They worked for a counterfeit moving company named Urban Moving Systems, owned 
by Israeli Dominick Otto Suter. Once federal agents apprehended the dancing Israelis, they 
returned to the offices of Urban Moving Systems to interrogate Suter, but he had already 
departed. These men were discovered to be Mossad agents, and the moving company was a 
Mossad front to gather intelligence on various Arab organizations in the Tri-State Area (60). 

The large majority of the Israeli spies were posing as art students, an ancient Israeli spying 
technique started by early asset to the false flag on 9/11, Mossad spy master, Peter Zvi Malkin 
(61). Many of them were also employees of Amdocs, an Israeli company founded by Zionist 
criminal Morris Kahn, which collects processing data for 90% of the phone calls, emails, and 
text messages in America, including several agencies of the federal government, as well as 
Comverse Technology headed by Zionist Kobi Alexander, which provides wire-tapping 
technology for many law enforcement agencies across the US (62). On September 4, 2001, Zim 
Integrated Shipping Services, partially owned by the Israeli government, paid $50,000 to break 
its lease and move its headquarters to Norfolk, Virginia. Zim's officials were never questioned 
regarding what prompted them to move a week before the most devastating 'terror attack' on 
American soil in history (63). 

Four thousand Israelis were warned via text message of impending attacks in the New York area 
by Zionist company Odigo, founded by Israeli brothers, Avner and Maskit Ronen. Only three 
months after 9/11, the Ronen brothers negotiated a deal with Kobi Alexander's Comverse, which 
already had a minute stake in Odigo, to be fully bought out (64). Alexander, a former Israeli 
intelligence officer, along with fellow Comverse executives, William Sorin and David 
Kreinberg, both of whom served in Israeli intelligence with Alexander, were on the run from US 
prosecutors after they were brought up on charges of securities, wire and mail fraud. In 2006, 
they were strangely allowed to leave the US despite several warrants for their arrests. They hid 
all over the world, including Sri Lanka and Namibia before being apprehended (65). 

The reason for the poor investigation of these anomalistic occurrences, (or the lack thereof for 
that matter), despite all of these personalities and corporations being deeply connected to the 
Zionist entity, is one man: Zionist Michael Chertoff. Chertoff, a dual-citizen of the illegal Zionist 
state like most of the criminals connected to the plot on 9/11, is the son of impassioned Zionists. 
His father, Rabbi Gershon Baruch Chertoff, was the last in a long line of a family of Talmudic 
rabbis from Russia, and his mother, Livia Eisen, was the first hostess of El Al, and one of the 
earliest Mossad operatives, working under the aforementioned Isser Harel. Chertoff s mother 
was instrumental in Operation Magic Carpet, which brought Jewish families from Yemen into 
Israel for cheap labor. Due to the malicious anti-Arab sentiment of Zionism, the Zionist 
leadership felt the need to de-Arabize the Yemeni Jews, and authorized the kidnaping of Yemeni 
babies to then be delivered to European parents to strip them of their culture and their ethnic 
roots (66). Michael Chertoff's wife, Meryl, is a chairwoman of an ADL of B'nai B'rith regional 
organization in New Jersey. 



Prior to becoming the second Secretary of Homeland Security, Michael Chertoff was chief of the 
criminal division of the Justice Department from 2001-2003. It was Chertoff who blocked the 
efforts of several agents across the FBI's ranks to investigate the hundreds of Mossad spies 
detained in connection to the attacks on 9/11. He also supervised the destruction and confiscation 
of evidence that would have linked Israel and the US to the attacks like videotapes, eyewitness 
accounts, written testimonies and debris from Ground Zero. Within months, all of the Israelis in 
custody, were released, with no coverage from the Zionist media, and no objection from Bush's 
government. Though Chertoff had no problem using torture while interrogating foreign nationals 
(67), these Israeli spies were subjected to no such action, and upon their release, were quietly 
sent back to the terror state of Israel (68). To finalize the cover up and take the public's attention 
off of the Israeli spy ring, Zionist Chertoff orchestrated the capture of 1,100 Muslim citizens, 
tourists and immigrants, falsely labeling them as suspects connected to the September 11th 
attacks. These innocent people were physically abused in secret facilities, denied the right to 
legal counsel, psychologically abused in secret military tribunals before they were deported, or 
released back into society after these criminal acts were committed against them. Chertoff was 
also the primary author of the Patriot Act, an Orwellian piece of legislation written months 
before 9/11, and signed into law on October 26, 2001 (69). 

A New Analysis 

An operation 20 years in the making, the attacks of September 1 1th in New York City and 
Washington D.C. were a false flag carried out by the Mossad, its close-knit network of wealthy 
sayanim (70) and criminal elements within the Bush administration, the FBI and the CIA with 
dual loyalty to the genocidal state of Israel. Through espionage, privatization, and infiltration, 
this Zionist criminal network gained control of the World Trade Center, its security, as well as 
several government communications outlets which were subverted once the terror operation 
commenced. Using flight termination system technology in remote controlled tanker jets and 
nano-thermate/thermite charges strategically placed in the Twin Towers and Building 7 by its 
experts in military intelligence and explosive ordinance, the criminal network brought down the 
World Trade Center by controlled demolition. 

Using the Zionist media to incite fear and hysteria amongst the public through disinformation, 
the criminal network successfully covered up the Zionist regime's mass murder in Occupied 
Palestine during the height of the Second Intifada. With the mission accomplished, and the 
public totally programmed and petrified of the unknown, the criminal network advanced with the 
next phase of its PNAC agenda: expanding executive power in America through totalitarian 
legislation and securing Israel through multiple regional wars. To complete the cover up of the 
attacks, the criminal network used its sayanim in NIST and the 9/1 1 Commission, as well as top 
sayan (singular form of sayanim) Michael Chertoff to obliterate proofs of Israeli-US involvement 
and to perpetuate the lies already enforced by the media. For the families of the 2,973 innocents 
that died in the attacks, the criminal network employed its agent, the Zionist Kenneth Feinberg, 
to set up the 9/1 1 Victims Compensation Fund. Under Feinberg' s sinister direction, each family 
received an average of $1.25 million, but they waved their right to sue the government for 
criminal negligence (71). 



The criminal network used the Zionist media to dub its war, the "War on Terror," taking a page 
right out of Benjamin Netanyahu's book, 'Terrorism: How The West Can Win,' published in 
1986 (72). This would allow the criminal network to extend its occupations abroad indefinitely, 
since the enemy had never been clearly identified. With American troops conducting genocidal 
operations in Afghanistan, the Patriot Act being passed along with the creation of Homeland 
Security, granting immeasurable governing power to the Zionist administration, the involvement 
of Israel and America in the attacks silenced, and the next destruction of a nation being planned 
for Iraq, the criminal network slowly disbanded, eventually finding their way back to the Zionist 
entity, or fading into obscurity elsewhere like Michael Chertoff's cousin, Benjamin Chertoff, 
who aided the criminal network by smearing the campaign for 9/1 1 truth (73). On a secondary, 
but still vitally important level, the Zionist criminal network, specifically the Mossad and the 
CIA, strengthened its hegemonic domination of the world even further by profiting enormously 
from reorganizing and taking full control of the amerceable heroin trade in Afghanistan and 
setting up business operations to take control of the neighboring oil fields in Uzbekistan, 
Kazakhstan, and Turkmenistan (74). 

Conclusion 

Scholars like Noam Chomsky and the late Howard Zinn have suggested that the 9/1 1 events are 
'in the past' and seeking the truth as to who perpetrated the attacks 'do not have any 
significance' (75). If your family was murdered, would you think their deaths were in the past 
and identifying the murderer or murderers wouldn't have any significance? Their position is 
ridiculous at best and collusive at worst. 9/1 1 is the reason over one million civlians have been 
murdered in the last 9 years in Occupied Afghanistan. 9/11 is the reason 1.5 million innocents in 
Occupied Iraq have been slaughtered. It is the reason for increased billion dollar aid packages to 
Israel and increases in brutality by the Zionist entity in Occupied Palestine. It is the reason 
behind full US support and encouragement of the Zionist aggression used against Lebanon in 
2006, which resulted in the genocide of over 1,200 Lebanese civilians. It is the reason for drone 
attacks in Pakistan which murder civilians daily. It is the reason for covert wars which are slowly 
becoming genocides in Yemen and Somalia. It is the reason for every future act of aggression, 
all to be waged on the basis of 'the war on terror.' Investigating the criminals behind 9/1 1 isn't 
just significant, it is ESSENTIAL to the worldwide pursuit for truth, peace, justice, and freedom. 

9/1 1 was not blowback. 9/1 1 was not done by Al Qaeda, an organization which doesn't even 
exist (76). 9/1 1 was a Mossad-CIA intelligence operation, and the evidence exposed here is only 
the tip of the iceberg. Journalists and activists like Christopher Bollyn, Wayne Madsen, Jerry 
Mazza, academic Joel Kovel, and Freedom Flotilla activist Kenneth O'Keefe have all exposed 
Israeli involvement in the 9/1 1 attacks, but there needs to be more efforts like those put forth by 
these brave men. Former Italian President Francesco Cossiga, former head of Pakistan's ISI 
Hamid Gul, and former Director of Studies at the Army War College Alan Sabrosky have also 
gone on record stating Mossad was behind 9/1 1 (77). War criminal Barack Obama's new 
Regulation Czar, Zionist Cass Sunstein, has said that 9/1 1 truth groups need to be infiltrated 
because they pose a threat to the government's 'anti-terrorism' policies (78). That means seeking 
9/11 truth is hurting the occupiers, oppressors, murderers, thieves, and financial gangsters that 
have turned the poor and downtrodden masses into their slaves. It means that the truth is 
winning. 



It is the duty of every activist, journalist and scholar fighting to end tyranny in the occupied 
nations of the Middle East to investigate, discuss and expose 9/1 1 due to it being the pretext for 
which the fight to end tyranny stems from. Once the people of the world know the pretext was a 
lie, they will know everything that followed it was a lie too. They will know that Muslims, Arabs 
and Islam itself aren't the enemy, but the US-Zionist alliance that has sat at the top of the world's 
power structure through a reign of terror for what seems like the duration. With this newfound 
knowledge, the people will then unite in truth and revolution, and the Zionist criminal network 
that orchestrated 9/11, will be eliminated once and for all. 

~ The End ~ 

Sources 

1) Is America In Bible Prophecy? By Michael D. Evans, interviewed by Deborah Caldwell 

2) Targeted Killings - A Retro Fashion Very Much in Vogue by Yossi Melman; Israel's Secret 
Wars by Benny Morris and Ian Black 

3) Isser Harel: Obituary by Eric Silver 

4) The Architecture of Terror: Mapping The Network Behind 9/1 1 by Christopher Bollyn 

5) Who Bombed The World Trade Center? FBI Bomb Builders Exposed by Paul DiRienzo, 
Frank Morales and Chris Flash 

6) Mossad Link Found To One Of Key 9/1 1 Hijackers by Michael Collins Piper 

7) Dov Zakheim retires from Booz Allen Hamilton by Jerry Mazza 

8) The High Priests of War by Michael Collins Piper 

9) The "New World Order" by B.W. Holmes 

10) Fifty questions on 9/1 1 by Pepe Escobar 

11) Hijack Suspects Alive And Well by BBC News; Stranger than Fiction by Dr. Albert D. 
Pastore Phd. 

12) Report: Bin Laden Already Dead by FOX News; Israeli Intelligence: Bin Laden is Dead, 
Heir Has Been Chosen by World Tribune 

13) When Osama Bin Laden was Tim Osman by J. Orlin Grabbe; The New Pearl Harbor: 
Disturbing Questions about the Bush Administratin and 9/1 1 by David Ray Griffin; Report: Bin 
Laden Treated At US Hospital by Elizabeth Bryant 



(14) Mossad Agent Pearlman Releases Phony "Al-Qaeda Tape" by Paul Joseph Watson 

(15) Is Israel Controlling Phony Terror News? By Gordon Duff and Brian Jobert 

(16) Norman Mineta Confirms That Dick Cheney Ordered Stand Down on 9/1 1 by Aaron Dykes 

(17) Crossing The Rubicon by Michael C. Ruppert 

(18) How Mossad Deceived The US Military on 9/1 1 by Christopher Bollyn 

(19) UAL Flight 93 Landed Safely At Cleveland Hopkins Airport by Channel 9 News Staff of 
Cleveland 

(20) Pentagon Eyewitness: Official 9/1 1 Legend Exposed by Christopher Bollyn 

(21) BYU Physics Prof Finds Thermate in WTC Physical Samples, Building Collapses an Inside 
Job by Jacob Hamblin 

(22) The 9/1 1 Commission Report: Omissions And Distortions by David Ray Griffin 

(23) The Republican Jewish Coalition and the pro-Israel Lobby by Bob Feldman; The World 
Trade Center Deal Remains In Doubt by Charles V. Bagli; Silverstein Recovers: Dark Horse 
May Win World Trade Center by Andrew Rice 

(24) Green Acres: George Pataki, Ronald Lauder And The Politics Of New Beginnings by The 
New York Press 

(25) Silverstein Incriminates 9-11 WTC Lies by Dick Eastman; Up In Smoke by Sara Leibovich- 
Dar 

(26) Insurers Debate: One Accident or Two by Bloomberg News 

(27) As Judge Leaves for Law Firm, His Legacy Is Remembered by Joseph Goldstein 

(28) Bush Nominates Zionist Judge Involved in Key 9-11 Judgements to Serve as U.S. Attorney 
General by Christopher Bollyn 

(29) Israeli Investors Made Huge Profits From 9/1 1 Event by Walter Storch; Suspicious Trading 
Points to Advance Knowledge by Big Investors of September 1 1th Attacks by Barry Grey 

(30) World Trade Center Scrap Sails for India, China by Reuters; WTC Steel To Rise Again In 
Indian Buildings by Reuters 

(31) In Israel, Bloomberg Shows His Support by Dina Kraft 

(32) Loot The US Treasury by Tom Heneghan 



(33) NIST's Fraudulent "Final Report on the Collapse of WTC 7:" A Criminal Fraud at Taxpayer 
Expense by Christopher Bollyn 

(34) Investigating Khobar Towers: How a Saudi Deception Protected Bin Laden by Gareth 
Porter 

(35) By Way of Deception: The Making and Unmaking of a Mossad Officer by Victor Ostrovsky 
and Clair Hoy 

(36) Sayyed Nasrallah: Israel Behind Hariri's Assassination by Hussein Assi, Al Manar 

(37) Questions Mount in Kenya, Tanzania Bombings by Martin McLaughlin 

(38) Who Killed 9/1 1 Hero John O'Neil? by The Daily Brew 

(39) Clearing the Baffles for 9/1 1 by Wayne Madsen 

(40) Who Killed John O'Neil? (Documentary) by Ryan Thurston (writer) and Ty Rauber 
(producer and director) 

(41) Who is Jerome Hauer? by Christopher Bollyn; Suppressed Details of Criminal Insider 
Trading Lead Directly into the CIA's Highest Ranks by Michael C. Ruppert 

(42) Secrecy Surrounds 9/1 1 Investigation by Craig Cox 

(43) 'Power Down' Condition at the WTC on the Weekend Preceding 9/1 1 by Scott Forbes; 9/1 1 
Security Courtesy of Marvin Bush by What Really Happened? 

(44) The Weekend Interview with Larry Silverstein: Rebuilding Ground Zero by Steven Malanga 

(45) Drones and Death: The Israeli Connection by Ed Kinane; Israel Paves The Way For Remote 
Control Killing by Jonathan Cook 

(46) Following Zakheim And Pentagon Trillions to Israel by Jerry Mazza 

(47) The Mastermind Behind 9/11? By Stephen St. John 

(48) Pataki's Favorite Conservatives by Wayne Barrett 

(49) Governor Pataki Hands Stewart Airport Keys to National Express by New York State 
Department of Transportation Office of Media Relations 

(50) 9-11: Animation Showing Military Precision of Flight Paths by Looking Glass News 

(51) Operation 9/11: No Suicide Pilots by Carol A. Valentine 



(52) The Fleecing of America: 9/1 1 and The Crisis On Wall Street by Christopher Bollyn 

(53) Report: Netanyahu Says 9/11 Terror Attacks Good For Israel by Haaretz and Reuters 

(54) More Questions on 9/1 1 by Pepe Escobar; All 9/1 1 Airports Serviced Owned By One Israeli 
Owned Company by What Really Happened? 

(55) 9/1 1 Seismic Data Refutes Official Explanation by Christopher Bollyn 

(56) The September 1 1th Records by The New York Times 

(57) Me, Art Bell, and 9/1 1 by Lisa Guliani 

(58) Carl Cameron Investigates Part 1-4: Israel Is Spying In And On The U.S. by Fox News 

(59) Mossad - The Israeli Connection To 9/1 1 by Christopher Bollyn 

(60) Five Israelis Were Seen Filming As Jet Liners Ploughed Into The Twin Towers by Neil 
Mackay 

(61) Peter Zvi Malkin, Israeli Agent Who Captured Adolf Eichmann, Dies by Margalit Fox 

(62) An Enigma: Vast Israeli Spy Network Dismantled in the US by Sylvain Cypel, translated by 
Malcolm Garris 

(63) Profile: Zim- American Israeli Shipping Co. by History Commons 

(64) Why Was Kobi Alexander Allowed to Flee: The Israeli Fugitive, Odigo, and the 
Forewarning of 9/1 1 by Christopher Bollyn; Myth-Debunking Snopes Obscures Israel's Role In 
9/llbyMaidhcOCathail 

(65) Former Comverse Chief Alexander Arrested in Namibia by Allan Dodds Frank and Bob 
Van Voris 

(66) The Missing Yemenite Children by Doron A. Tal 

(67) Chertoff OKs Torture: Bizarre Choice for Homeland Czar Deep in Scandal by James P. 
Tucker 

(68) Controlled Press Conceals Chertoff s Israeli Roots by Christopher Bollyn 

(69) Failing Upwards: The Rise of Michael Chertoff by Mike Whitney 

(70) Sayanim - Israeli Operatives in the U.S. by Jeff Gates 



(71) From Agent Orange, to 9/11, to BP: Kenneth Feinberg is Master of Disaster by Sander 
Hicks 

(72) How (Not) To Win by Christopher Dickey 

(73) 9/1 1 and Chertoff: Cousin Wrote 9/1 1 Propaganda For Popular Mechanics by Christopher 
Bollyn 

(74) Military Escalation: From Afghanistan To the Caspian Sea and Central Asia by Rick 
Rozoff; Intel Expert Says 9-11 Looks Like A Hollywood Show by Christopher Bollyn 

(75) An Open Letter to Noam Chomsky and Howard Zinn by Atheo 

(76) Al-Qaeda Is Fiction: The Organization Doesn't Exist by Mark Perkel 

(77) Ex-Italy Pres - 9-1 1 Was CIA/Mossad Operation by the Staff of American Free Press; Ex- 
ISI Chief Gul Exposes 9/1 1 Inside Job by Paul Joseph Watson; Sabrosky Interview Ties Israel to 
9/11 by Gordon Duff 

(78) Obama Staffer Wants 'Cognitive Infiltration' of 9/1 1 Truth Groups by Daniel Tencer 



Mossad - The Israeli 
Connection To 911 

By Christopher Bollyn 

Exclusive to American Free Press 

4-14-5 

U.S. investigators and the controlled media have ignored a preponderance 
of evidence pointing to Israel's intelligence agency, the Mossad, being 
involved in the terror attacks of 9/11. 

From the very morning aircraft smashed into the World Trade Center 



(WTC) and the Pentagon, news reports have indicated Israeli intelligence 
being involved in the events of 9/1 1 - and the planting of "false flags" to 
blame Arab terrorists and mold public opinion to support the pre-planned 
"war on terror." 

Shortly after the destruction of the twin towers, radio news reports 
described five "Middle Eastern men" being arrested in New Jersey after 
having been seen videotaping and celebrating the explosive "collapses" of 
the WTC. 

These men, from a phony moving company in Weehawken, N.J., turned out 
to be agents of Israeli military intelligence, Mossad. Furthermore, their 
"moving van" tested positive for explosives. 

Dominic Suter, the Israeli owner of Urban Moving Systems, the phony 
"moving company," fled in haste, or was allowed to escape, to Israel before 
FBI agents could interrogate him. The Israeli agents were later returned to 
Israel on minor visa violations. 

The Assistant Attorney General in charge of criminal investigations at the 
time was Michael Chertoff, the current head of the Dept. of Homeland 
Security. Chertoff, the son of the first hostess of Israel's national air carrier, 
El Al, is thought to be an Israeli national. 

One of the Israeli agents later told Israeli radio that they had been sent to 
"document the event" - the event which took the lives of some 3,000 
Americans. 

Despite the fact that the Israelis arrested in New Jersey evidently had prior 
knowledge or were involved in the planning of 9/11, the U.S. mainstream 
media has never even broached the question of Israeli complicity in the 
attacks. 

ISRAELIS FOREWARNED 

On September 12, 2001, the Internet edition of The Jerusalem Post reported, 
"The Israeli foreign ministry has collected the names of 4,000 Israelis 
believed to have been in the areas of the World Trade Center and the 
Pentagon at the time of the attack." 

Yet only one Israeli was killed at the WTC and two were reportedly killed 
on the "hijacked" aircraft. 



Although a total of three Israeli lives were reportedly lost on 9/11, 
speechwriters for President George W. Bush grossly inflated the number of 
Israeli dead to 130 in the president's address to a joint session of Congress 
on September 20, 2001. 

The fact that only one Israeli died at the WTC, while 4,000 Israelis were 
thought to have been at the scene of the attacks on 9/1 1 naturally led to a 
widespread rumor, blamed on Arabic sources, that Israelis had been 
forewarned to stay away that day. 

"Whether this story was the origin of the rumor," Bret Stephens, the Post's 
editor-in-chief wrote in 2003, "I cannot say. What I can say is that there was 
no mistake in our reporting." 

ODIGO INSTANT MESSAGES 

Evidence that Israelis had been forewarned several hours before the attacks 
surfaced at an Israeli instant messaging service, known as Odigo. This story, 
clear evidence of Israeli prior knowledge, was reported only briefly in the 
U.S. media - and quickly forgotten. 

At least two Israel-based employees of Odigo received warnings of an 
imminent attack in New York City more than two hours before the first 
plane hit the WTC. Odigo had its U.S. headquarters two blocks from the 
WTC. The Odigo employees, however, did not pass the warning on to the 
authorities in New York City, a move that could have saved thousands of 
lives. 

Odigo has a feature called People Finder that allows users to seek out and 
contact others based on certain demographics, such as Israeli nationality. 

Two weeks after 9/11, Alex Diamandis, Odigo's vice president, reportedly 
said, "It was possible that the attack warning was broadcast to other Odigo 
members, but the company has not received reports of other recipients of 
the message." 

The Internet address of the sender was given to the FBI, and two months 
later it was reported that the FBI was still investigating the matter. There 
have been no media reports since. 

Odigo, like many Israeli software companies, is based and has its Research 



and Development (R&D) center in Herzliya, Israel, the small town north of 
Tel Aviv, which happens to be where Mossad's headquarters are located. 

Shortly after 9/1 1, Odigo was taken over by Comverse Technology, another 
Israeli company. Within a year, five executives from Comverse were 
reported to have profited by more than $267 million from "insider trading." 

Through Israeli "venture capital" (VC) investment funds, Mossad spawns 
and sponsors scores of software companies currently doing business in the 
United States. These Israel-based companies are sponsored by Mossad 
funding sources such as Cedar Fund, Stage One Ventures, Veritas Venture 
Partners, and others. 

As one might expect, the portfolios of these Mossad-linked funding 
companies contain only Israeli-based companies, such as Odigo. 

Reading through the strikingly similar websites of these Israeli "VC" funds 
and their portfolio companies, one can't help but notice that the key "team" 
players share a common profile and are often former members of "Israel's 
Intelligence Corps" and veterans of the R&D Department of the Israel Air 
Force or another branch of the military. Most are graduates of Israel's 
"Technion" school in Haifa, Mossad's Interdisciplinary Center (IDC) in 
Herzliya, or a military program for software development. 

The IDC, a private, non-profit university, is closely tied to the Mossad. The 
IDC has a "research institute" headed by Shabtai Shavit, former head of the 
Mossad from 1989 to 1996, called the International Policy Institute for 
Counter- Terrorism. 

The IDC also has a "Marc Rich Center for the Study of Commodities, 
Trading and Financial Markets" and a "Lauder School of Government, 
Diplomacy and Strategy." The cosmetics magnate Ronald S. Lauder, who is 
a supporter of Israel's Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and his far-right Likud 
Party, founded the Lauder school. 

Lauder, president of the Jewish National Fund and former chairman of New 
York Governor George Pataki's Commission on Privatization, is the key 
individual who pushed the privatization of the WTC and former Stewart 
AFB, where the flight paths of the two planes that hit the twin towers oddly 
converged. Ronald Lauder played a significant, albeit unreported, role in the 
preparation for 9/1 1 . 



Pataki's wife, Libby, has been on Lauder's payroll since at least 2002 and 
reportedly earned $100,000 as a consultant in 2004. According to The 
Village Voice, between 1994 and 1998, Gov. Pataki earned some $70,000 
for speaking to groups affiliated with Lauder. 

THE PTECH CUTOUT 

Ptech, a mysterious software company has been tied with the events of 9/11. 
The Quincy, Massachusetts-based company was supposedly connected to 
"the Muslim Brotherhood" and Arab financiers of terrorism. 

The firm's suspected links with terrorism resulted in a consensual 
examination by the FBI in December 2002, which was immediately leaked 
to the media. The media reports of the FBI "raid" on Ptech soon led to the 
demise of the company. 

Ptech "produced software that derived from PROMIS, had an artificial 
intelligence core, and was installed on virtually every computer system of 
the U.S. government and its military agencies on September 11, 2001 ," 
according to Michael Ruppert's From the Wilderness (FTW) website. 

"This included the White House, Treasury Dept. (Secret Service), Air 
Force, FAA, CIA, FBI, both houses of Congress, Navy, Dept. of Energy, 
IRS, Booz Allen Hamilton, IBM, Enron and more," FTW reported. 

"Whoever plotted 9/1 1 definitely viewed the FAA as the enemy that 
morning. Overriding FAA systems would be the most effective way to 
ensure the attacks were successful," FTW reported. "To do this, the FAA 
needed an evolution of PROMIS software installed on their systems and 
Ptech was just that; the White House and Secret Service had the same 
software on their systems - likely a superior modified version capable of 
'surveillance and intervention' systems." 

But did the U.S. government unwittingly load software capable of 
"surveillance and intervention" operations and produced by a company 
linked to terrorism onto its most sensitive computer networks, or was Ptech 
simply a Mossad "cutout" company? 

Oussama Ziade, a Lebanese Muslim immigrant who came to the U.S. in 
1985, founded Ptech in 1994. But the company's original manager of 
marketing and information systems was Michael S. Goff, whose PR firm, 
Goff Communications, currently represents Guardium, a Mossad-linked 



software company. 

And Goff comes from a well-to-do line of Jewish Masons who have 
belonged to Worcester's Commonwealth Lodge 600 of B'nai Brith for 
decades. So, why would a recently graduated Juris Doctor in Law leave a 
promising law career to join forces with a Lebanese Muslim's upstart 
company sponsored with dodgy funders in Saudi Arabia? 

"As information systems manager [for Ptech], Michael handled design, 
deployment and management of its Windows and Macintosh, data, and 
voice networks ," Goff s website says. "Michael also performed employee 
training and handled all procurement for software, systems and peripherals." 

AFP asked Goff, who left the Worcester law firm of Seder & Chandler in 
1994, how he wound up working at Ptech. "Through a temp agency," Goff 
said. Asked for the name of the agency, Goff said he could not remember. 

Could it be Mossad Temps, or maybe Sayan Placement Agency? 

Goff, the original marketing manager for Ptech software, said he did not 
know who had written the code that Ptech sold to many government 
agencies. Is this believable? 

Goff leaves a legal practice in his home town to take a job, through a temp 
agency, with a Lebanese Muslim immigrant who is selling software, and he 
doesn't know who even wrote the code? 

AFP contacted the government agencies that reportedly have Ptech software 
on their computers, and IBM, to ask if they could identify who had written 
the source code of the Ptech software. 

By press time, only Lt. Commander Ron Steiner of the U.S. Navy's Naval 
Network Warfare Command had responded. Steiner said he had checked 
with an analyst and been told that none of the Ptech software has been 
approved for the Navy's enterprise networks. 

Finis 



Israel did 9/11: 

ALL THE PROOF IN THE WORLD! ! 



This article was written and prepared by ZCF (zioncrime factory); 

For the full report visit this website (site blocked)! Make sure to check out this 
article entitled "A Tribute To Those Who Spoke Out" commemorating all of those 
honest, honorable and courageous Jews who had the heart and good will to put their 
own neck out on the line to speak out against this criminal cabal. To them we owe our 
gratitude and respect. 

Israel did 9/1 1 

Figuring out exactly how 9/1 1 was done is the work of crime investigators or 
conspiracy hobbyists who will endlessly go on discussing and debating every minuscule 
and intricate detail of the event to no avail. It doesn't take a structural engineer to tell 
you that two 110 story buildings and a 47 story steel skyscraper plummeting to the 
ground at nearly free-fall speed requires the assistance of explosives. All you need is 
two eyes that can see and a brain that thinks to come to that sound conclusion. This is 
why it is of my opinion that more emphasis should be placed on the "who" instead of the 
"how". It should be obvious to anyone that discovering 'who did 9/11' is infinitely more 
important than discovering how they did it. 
An Uncanny Prediction Comes True 
First we start off with an unusual and eerie prediction that was made by a most 
suspicious individual. This prediction, in unison with the status of the person of who 
made it, is extremely indicative and foretelling of who planned and executed 9/1 1 . 



Isser Harel - Spymaster of the Israeli Intelligence Services. Director of Mossad and 
Shin Bet from 1952-1963. 

In 1979, twenty-one years before September 11, 2001, Isser Harel predicted with 
uncanny accuracy the events of 9-1 1 to Michael D. Evans, an American supporter of 
Zionist extremists of the Jabotinsky sort. 

On September 23, 1 979, Evans visited Harel at his home in Israel and had dinner 
with him and Dr. Reuven Hecht, a senior adviser to then prime minister Menachem 
Begin. 

In an editorial entitled "America the Target", published in the Jerusalem Post of 
September 30, 2001 Evans — a Khazar Jew masquerading as a Christian — asked 
Harel about Arab terrorism and if it would come to America. Harel told Evans that Arab 
terrorists would likely strike the "tallest building in New York City" because it was a 
"phallic symbol". The fact that 9/1 1 was planned by the Mossad through the admittance 
of Isser Harel is well documented and appears in a book written by Michael Evans. ( See 
Article 7th Paragraph ). 



Securing Control of World Trade Center Complex 




The first step in the preparation of the 9/1 1 attacks was to secure the control of the 
WTC into private hands. This was crucial to the success of 9/1 1 because without 



complete control over this complex there would be no opportunity or possibility of setting 

explosive charges in place as the coup de gras in bringing the towers to the ground. 
In steps four key Jewish Crime Network assets: 

1) Larry Silverstein — Larry is a Jewish American businessman from New York. Larry 
obtained a 99 year lease on the entire world trade center complex on 24 July, 2001 . The 
nearly worthless trade towers I should point out due to them being filled with asbestos 
that needed removal; a process that would have produced a cost that would have 
rivaled the cost of the lease itself. Larry explains his reason for purchasing the towers 
as "I felt a compelling urge to own them." Is this a believable reason coming from a 
supposed successful businessman? Larry had breakfast in "Windows on the World" 
restaurant (located in North Tower 107th Floor) every single morning . Larry was absent 
from this routine meeting on the morning of September the 1 1th. Larry's two offspring, 
who also worked in the WTC, also conveniently decided to take the day off. Either the 
Silverstein family is clairvoyant, or then knew exactly what was going down that day. 
Take your pick. Larry Silverstein scored more than $4.5 Billion in insurance money as a 
result of the destruction of his complex. Silverstein was personal friends with key player 
in Zionist controlled media Rupert Murdoch, former Israeli president & infamous Zionist 
war criminal Ariel Sharon, as well as Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu . Silverstein was 
such good friends with Benjamin Netanyahu that he would receive a phone call from 
him every single Sunday . 

2) Frank Lowy - Lowy, a Czechoslovakia born Jew, was the owner of Westfield America, 
one of the biggest shopping mall conglomerates in the world. Lowy leased the shopping 
concourse area called the Mall at the World Trade Center, made up of approximately 
427,000 square feet of retail floor space. Frank Lowy has quite an interesting history. 
He was a member of the Golani Brigade, and fought in the Israeli war of independence. 
Before this he was a member of Hagganah, a Jewish terrorist organization. Frank Lowy 
spends three months of the year at his home in Israel and has been described by the 
Sydney Morning Herald as "a self-made man with a strong interest in the Holocaust and 



Israeli politics." He funded and launched the Israeli Institute for National Strategy and 
Policy , which will "operate within the framework of Tel Aviv University" in Israel. He is 
also close friends with many top Israeli officials such as Ehud Olmert, Ariel Sharon, Bibi 
Netanyahu, and Ehud Barak. He was also implicated in an Israeli Bank Scandal with 
Olmert. Frank Lowy steered clear of the WTC on 9/1 1 . More information about Lowy 
can be further researched here . 
Lease Transfer Authorization 

3) Lewis Eisenberg — This Jewish criminal personality was the head of the Port 
Authority of New York and authorized the lease transfer to his Zionist brethren Larry and 
Lowy. Eisenberg was a large contributor to the Bush-Cheney presidential campaign, as 
well as a partner in the Jewish bank Goldman-Sachs. Eisenberg has been both a 
member of the Planning Board of the United Jewish Appeal/United Jewish Federation 
pro-Israeli government pressure group in the U.S. 

WTC Privatization 

4) Ronald Lauder - Billionaire Estee Lauder Cosmetics magnate. He was the chairman 
of NY Governor George Pataki's commission on privatization. He is the key individual 
who lobbied for the privatization of the WTC ( Source , 9th pp) — but he also got the 
former Stewart Air Force Base to become privatized. Oddly, the flight paths of flight 175 
and flight 1 1 converged directly over this airport. 

Lauder is active in the following organizations : Conference of Presidents of Major 
American Jewish Organizations, Jewish National Fund, World Jewish Congress, 
American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee, Anti-Defamation League, Jewish 
Theological Seminary. Ronald Lauder was elected president of the World Jewish 
Congress on 10 June, 2007. 

Lauder founded a school for the Mossad in Herzliya, Israel called the Lauder School of 
Government Diplomacy and Strateg y. He is the key Sayan involved in the preparation of 
9/11. 



WTC Security In Zionist Hands 

The second crucial aspect of control that needed to be established in order to pull off 

9/1 1 was to gain control of security of the WTC complex. This way, Mossad explosive 

experts — that just so happened to be in town just prior to and on 9/1 1 — could be 

readily allowed access to strategic areas of the buildings in order to prep for the 

demolitions. 

The contract to run security at the WTC was designated to Kroll Associates after the 

1993 wtc bombing. Kroll is otherwise known as a "Wallstreets CIA". 

Who gave them the contract? 

The Port Authority of New York paid them $2.5 million to revamp security at the 

complex. The owners of Kroll was two Zionist Jews named Jules & Jeremy Kroll. 

The managing director of Kroll at the time was Jerome M. Hauer. 

Hauer was also the guy chosen to run Mayor Rudy Guiliani's office of emergency 

management OEM) from 1996 to 2000. He is the key individual that pushed for this 

office to be placed in Silverstein's building 7. 

Jerome Hauer is also Jewish and a staunch Zionist. Hauer's mother, Rose Muscatine 

Hauer, is the retired Dean of the Beth Israel School of Nursing and the Honorary 

President of the New York Chapter of Hadassah, the Daughters of Zion movement that 

is one of the central Zionist organizations involved in the creation and maintenance of 

the State of Israel. 

Pre-Knowledge of Anthrax Mailings 

A hardly known fact is that Jerome Hauer is the one who advised the WhiteHouse to go 

on the anti-biotic effective against Anthrax — Cipro — a week prior to the mailings. How 

convenient. 

How did he know? 

Hauer is an 'expert' in Bio-Terrorism and was the one who was in charge of the NIH 

response to the anthrax attacks. His reactions to the anthrax mailings were 'very slow' 



to say the least, and he took every opportunity to invoke "Osama Bin Laden" in his 

rhetoric. 

Who Killed John O'neil? 




Former special agent FBI, John O'neil, who was tasked with investigating Bin Laden 
coincidentally enough, was Former special agent FBI, John O'neil, who was tasked with 
investigating Bin Laden coincidentally enough, was hired as head of security at the 
WTC by Jerome Hauer. Amazingly, O'neil was killed on his FIRST day of work — 9/11. 
It is important to note that O'neil had quit his job at the FBI after his investigation into the 
U.S.S. Cole attack in Yemen was obstructed & sabotaged by U.S ambassador to 
Yemen, Zionist Barbara Bodine. This is because the U.S.S. Cole was NOT done by Al 
Qaeda. The USS Cole was hit by an Israeli cruise missile( Source, 39th pp ) to sway 
public opinion against Arabs (Al Qaeda), as well as demonize the democrats (didn't take 
terror threat seriously) — so that their puppet George Bush Jr. could be hurled into 
office in time for 9/1 1 . This was of course completely covered up. 
Airport Security 

The third crucial aspect of control that needed to be established was to gain control of 
airport security at all of the airports that the hijackings would originate from. Passenger 
screening needed to be handled by their operatives in order to allow certain people & 
certain items (i.e. weapons) onto the planes. 
Who ran airport secuirty at all three ports of alleged hijackings? 

That would be ICTS International / Huntsleigh USA (wholly owned subsidiary) 



Owned by Ezra Harel and Menachem Atzmon . Both Israeli Jews. 

It is run by "experts" in the security and intelligence field. Israeli intelligence that is. Most 

employees were ex- Shin Bet agents. 

Is this airport security company, who ran the security at Boston's Logan Airport, as well 

as Newark, really that shotty to allow 19 arabs on board 4 different planes with 

boxcutters, mace, and even a gun, or is there something else going on here? 

Menachem Atzmon, former Likud treasurer in the 80's, was involved in an Israeli 

political scandal involving Ehud Olmert and other Likudnits in Israel. He was cirminally 

convicted of fraud, falsifying documents, as well as breaching Party Funding Law. 

ICTS was also in charge of airport security when the shoe bomber, Richard Reid, 
allegedly boarded a plane with a shoe bomb. If Reid is really a terrorist and not just an 
innocent man being used by the Mossad to incite more fear of terrorism, then why did 
ICTS let him board the plane knowing he could be dangerous? 

Another point indicating ICTS's complicity is that a few hours before the Patriot Act was 
voted on, it was edited to make foreign companies in charge of security on 9/1 1 immune 
to lawsuits. This would prevent American courts from demanding that ICTS provide 
testimony or hand over the missing surveillance videos from the airports. 

Prior Knowledge 

Gomel Chesed Cemetary Incident 



In October 2000 , approximately 1 1 months before 
9/11, a retired Israeli Defense Forces(IDF) officer, 
and veteran of the Yom Kippur War(1973), was 
collecting English Ivy Cuttings at the Gomel 
Chesed Cemetery located at Mccellan and 245 
Mount Olive Avenue, which is near the city lines of 
Elizabeth and Newark, New Jersey. The Gomel 




Chesed Cemetary is a Jewish cemetary. 

The man overheard a couple of people having what he believed to be a conversation 

spoken in Hebrew, which drew his attention. He hid behind an 8-foot tall retaining wall 

and listened in to their conversation as they stood below. Shortly after a Lincoln town 

car approached the two people — presumably Israelis — and the man in the backseat 

got out to greet them. After normal niceties were exchanged the third man said: 

"The Americans will learn what it is to live with terrorists after the planes hit the twins in 

September." 

One of the men that had been leaning against the retaining wall expressed concerns 

regarding whether the upcoming presidential election (November 2000) could impact 

the plans. The man that arrived in the Town Car pacified the doubts by saying: 

"Don't worry, we have people in high places and no matter who gets elected, they will 

take care of everything." 

The observer who overheard this conversation related it to the FBI on numerous 

occasions only to be ignored each time. Nothing was done about it, and no investigation 

into the incident has ever took place. 

Israeli Citizens Get Tipped Off 

Israeli instant messaging company, Odigo, admitted that two of its 

employees received instant messages warning of an impeding 

attack 2 hours prior to the first plane hitting. 

This warning was not passed on to authorities, which could have 

saved thousands of lives. 
Odigo has a feature on its service that allows the passing on of messages through a 
search feature based on nationality, such as Israeli. Knowing these two particular 
Israelis were forewanred, it is very likely they passed the message on to other Israelis 
considering that out of the 4000 Israelis believed to be in and around the WTC and the 
Pentagon only FIVE died. 5/4000 Israelis. Mathematically (if Israelis were not 
forewarned) about 10% (400/4000) would have died; even as low as 200-300/4000 




would not really indicate foreknowledge. Yet only FIVE Israelis died and two of the five 

were actually aboard the supposedly hijacked flights; therefore only three Israelis died 

at the WTC on 9/11. An astonishing feat. We're talking about 'Israelis' here, not 

'American Jews'. Many Jews died in the wtc on 9/1 1 . 

Odigo has offices in New York, and in Herzliya, Israel. Herzliya happens to be the Head 

Quarters of Mossad. Do the math. 

Odigo was later bought up by another Israeli company called Comverse. The CEO of 

Comverse was Kobi Alexander, "dual" Israeli-US citizen, with connections to Mossad. 

He has been charged on several counts of fraud. 

Goldman Sachs Forewarned 



- On Sep 1 0, 2001 , the Tokyo branch of Goldman Sachs 

warned its American employees to steer clear of American 

buildings. 

Israeli ZIM Integrated Shipping Services Forewarned 
* * * * 

GLOBAL REACH 
LOCAL TO JCH 



oldman 
aehs 




Integrated Shipping 5ervioe5 Ubd. 1 

- ZIM, an Israeli company, vacated its office (1 0,000 square feet) in the North WTC 
tower a week before 9/1 1 , breaking its lease. 49% of this company is owned by the 
Israeli government. The lease ran till the end of 2001 , and the company lost $50,000 by 
breaking the lease. Later, FBI agent Michael Dick, 

[url=http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/article.asp?ID=3655=who was investigating Israeli 
spying before and after 9/1 1[/url] and looking into the suspicious move, was removed 
from his duties by the head of the Justice Department's criminal division, Michael 
Chertoff. 

According to a non-official cover or N.O.C. CIA source who worked closely with Dick, 
the Israeli movers moved in explosives when ZIM moved out. 



With ZIM Israel bailing out just in time, this left one Israeli company, Clearforest , with 19 
employees, in the WTC on 9/1 1 . Of the five employees in the building all managed to 
escape. 

Mossad Is Guilty 

U.S. Army Study: On Mossad 




U.S.ARMY 



An elite U.S. Army study center had devised a plan for enforcing a major Israeli- 
Palestinian peace accord that would require about 20,000 well-armed troops stationed 
throughout Israel and a newly created Palestinian state. 

The SAMS paper attempts to predict events in the first year of a peace-enforcement 
operation, and sees possible dangers for U.S. troops from both sides. 
Of the MOSSAD, the Israeli intelligence service, the SAMS officers say: 
"Wildcard. Ruthless and cunning. Has capability to target U.S. forces and make it look 
like a Palestinian/Arab act." 



The amazing thing about this is that this story was reported in the Washington Post on 
September 10, 2001. 



Israeli espionage around 9/11 



- Shortly before 9/11, over 140 Israelis had 

been arrested for suspected espionage. 

Some of them were posing as Art students. 

These suspects targeted or penetrated 

Military bases, DEA, FBI, Secret Service, 

ATF, U.S. Customs, IRS, INS, EPA, 

Interior Dept., U.S. Marshal's Service, 

various U.S. Attorneys Offices, Secret 

government offices Unlisted private homes 

of law enforcement/intelligence officers. 

Most of the suspects served in military 

intelligence, electronic surveillance 

intercept and or explosive ordinance units. 

Dozens of Israelis were arrested in American malls kiosks selling toys, acting as a front 

for a spying operation. 

60 detained suspects worked for the Israeli company AMDOCS which provides most 

directory assistance calls and almost call records and billings services for the U.S. by 

virtue of its contracts with the 25 largest telephone companies in the U.S. 

All alleged 9/11 hijackers had fake IDs. During a joint FBI-CIA operation against the 

lead patsy hijacker Mohammad Atta in Fort Lee, NJ in 2001, the operation was 

photographed by Israeli agents and thereby compromised. These Jews were providing 

cover for the future patsy hijacker teams. 




More Israelis caught after 9/1 1 — 90 of them! 

After 9/1 1 - More detentions of Israelis 

Following 9/11, over 60 Israelis were detained either under the Patriot anti-Terrorism 
Act or for immigrations violations. Some of them were active Israeli military personnel. A 
number of them failed polygraph examinations when questioned for surveillance 
activities against the U.S. Some of them were found to have been spying on Arabs. 

Israelis caught up in terror sweep 



¦OffliBflttifrUQO 

forcif,Tiern arnwi™! tiller 
Sept It flO to 100 are 

Israeli cttJHens 



Br JWQMUOWWT 

NAZARETH. iHUi-l • The day 

mnA hut partner ware kit aji eBfiPti* 
mii^toick. btwllnfi «,isrjH[ In- 



nni stoU Ln Aiwrlcnn l.ilk Ant bu- 
tft'minK lil^rviudnely LntuallcnE. 

IjhhI J'^irnelbri nuiv jhwu ifw 
ITS :.i]tih.-it**d(ir. [T-.inlk'l Kurtwr, 
fln nhi- imul l . McmLvr* fifth* Israclj 
uor3Lainijni hnv* lurch it him 4 pe- 

liuiki mi? pawiiit «r iho n.w 

mnwri iiil| bfingnHd In n M*ml 
pciw-a Ln lirraikj^ii h-ivif *n]l*1ec 
thr hi'lp ijtflh.* raayuruf Jerusalmti 

EhuiL Olmcn. tvlylnif nn Ills tl*» 
1 1PS r<v jr™ YorK City Mayflf K* 
diJpli (iiullani 

fJ)miTlluicaL]Hli"HutbiiL-tTiibM, 
i avail. CusKHlitir the jrtmi Is a 



tnilltiuy ¦ dnllleli":ivy Idtihij for 
(hvnfcivlnjMiflMtiiy 

Hiimi, iLflnrTCirrjvij.iTmflpor.srii 
ji jrA n'Mli TrlHui M'^vkiLR Svstf-mt 
iif IVi^luwkni . M -r . in siimimT 
Vft. Sl*rtin( imy ims t? an luur 
plu 1 . Hp«- MnsHy. ls>r*K May«i 

titst. Elc saw MiajibL, delivered nir 
nlliui: CO Allan*;! mid dniiv fay 
Urtweland In M*ni |ihit 

l.Ui(r<Hhfr lF.nwlif..H*(pvo llrtlr 
thttu^ht to his f-xnm*rf vhui ¦ lined 
Stpf. 11. 

Al Hi* pollm sialiun, Barak j 
¦Da 



not aniline " 
AndoYeh irilwy ta*r»iml]iiiii. h" 

aM. AirKTlfJin* hjiv-r ha i*a-:lrr 
<tnna tlut trw-TViicliK'jis rrf jMmrli* 
wlLhfmh military I'iUOrfceiL-v mv 
bwind io twin peculiar In ninn* 
HI? (rUtlds Mil «« art" of Tiru- 
Ltlity and t*mxr:nn nearly every 
.fcly. Barak hijiuotriwJ SJKnt sir 
nkjiillu InLrtwrnyn. 

"H's* luilehn (JUftrvit Jmw tfw 
|mn|1 thtati.'' !!ank Hid 



Five Dancing Israelis 

Of the 90 or so detained Israelis there was a group of five Israelis, now widely known as 

the " dancing Israelis ", who were spotted in multiple locations filming, and celebrating the 

attacks. 



The men were detained by NYPD. The police 
and FBI field agents became very suspicious 
when they found maps of the city with certain 
places highlighted, box cutters (the same 
items that the hijackers supposedly used), 
$4700 cash stuffed in a sock, and foreign 
passports. Police also told the Bergen 
Record that bomb sniffing dogs were brought 
to the van and that they reacted as if they 
had smelled explosives. (#) 






sxssr ttflHffltOFMWiftAttt' sagas* 

E2 She Mecoril S 



mm 




Itush vows to retaliate against 'nil* 



H 



EN men detained ns suspected con&pinwm 



fti-i .IiiiIiIiI|i||IIlJ i III Ji 1 
HHiiwltlirJIiiiulis" iii-i-l 






- JGCSXV? 



\iulnntim l>I '¥.» UmuMiii: hn- N..I. rosiili'ius «iih in- 
rushes bock to suniiors <n fsiwU a sense of dfja vu 



r^J J -=£H 1 5, : ?jV'!'- ¦^"t3b. l ; 




Their names were Sivan & Paul Kurzberg, Yaron Schmuel, Oded Ellner & Omer 

Marmari. 

"We are not your problem"? 

According to ABC News 20/20 , after the group of Israelis were detained, the driver of 

the van — Sivan Kurzberg — told the officers: 

"We are Israeli. We are not your problem. Your problems are our problems. The 

Palestinians are the problem." 

They later appeared on an Israeli talk show and claimed to be "documenting the event". 

Witnesses reported they were set up PRIOR to the first plane strike, and were seen 

congratulating one another afterward. The five jubilant Israelis were also seen 

photographing one another. The FBI seized and developed their photos, one of which 

shows Sivan Kurzberg flicking a cigarette lighter in front of the smoldering ruins in an 

apparently celebratory gesture. 



Truck Bomb Destined for George Washington Bridge 
The Jerusalem Post later reported that a white van with a bomb was stopped as it 
approached the George Washington Bridge, but the ethnicity of the suspects was not 
revealed. Here's what the Jerusalem Post reported on September 12, 2001 : 
American security services overnight stopped a car bomb on the George Washington 
Bridge. The van, packed with explosives, was stopped on an approach ramp to the 



bridge. Authorities suspect the terrorists intended to blow up the main crossing between 

New Jersey and New York, Army Radio reported. 

Imagine the surprise of the officers when these terror suspects turned out to be Israelis ! 

Mural Van 

One of the more bizarre events of the day came in the form of a mysterious white van 

parked a few blocks away from the twin towers on 6th and King Street., that had a mural 

painted on the side that literally depicted a jetliner crashing into the twin towers and 

exploding. 

This police audio transmission indicates that the two suspects in the van started to run 

away when the van was stopped and were apprehended shortly thereafter in some sort 

of struggle. The police recording also indicates that the mural van subsequently 

exploded following the detainment of the two suspects. 

Further corroboration of this incident came in the form of a reference in the February 
2006 Norman Y. Mineta International Institute for Surface Transportation Policy Studies 
(MTI) report entitled: "Saving City Lifelines: Lessons Learned in the 9-1 1 Terrorist 
Attacks". The relevant quote is as follows: 

"There were continuing moments of alarm. A panel truck with a painting of a plane flying 
into the World Trade Center was stopped near the temporary command post. It proved 
to be rented to a group of ethnic Middle Eastern people who did not speak English. 
Fearing that it might be a truck bomb, the NYPD immediately evacuated the area, called 
out the bomb squad, and detained the occupants until a thorough search was made. 
The vehicle was found to be an innocent delivery truck." 

As you can see the cover-up of the incident clearly ensues in this document. Apparently 
the people who wrote this didn't find it odd that a delivery truck rented to "ethnic middle 
easterners" was painted up with a mural depicting the very events of the day! The idiocy 
of their conclusion that this van was an "innocent delivery truck" is beyond words. Also 
notice no mention of it exploding as the police transmission confirms. The "ethnic middle 
easterners" referenced in this quote were certainly not Arabic individuals as there is not 
a single mention of this incident in the 9/1 1 commission report. If they were Arabs there 



would be no reason to cover this up. The fact that this incident was covered up is a 
strong indication that these "ethnic middle easterners" were in fact Israelis. 



Urban Moving Systems 

All of the white vans were working for the ostensible 

moving company Urban Moving Systems under direction 

of Dominic Suter, an Israeli Spy who immediately fled to 

Israel after the attacks. It was confirmed by two former 

CIA officers that this Israeli moving company was a front 

operation for the Mossad. The two CIA sources noted 

that movers vans are a common intelligence cover. The Israelis were held in custody for 

71 days before being quietly released. 

Israeli Intelligence and P-tech 




p 




Ptech ^J 
A 


"iir be. r;: ¦¦ Ik Lite-'i 



Ptech Software systems - computer 
control backdoor 

Most national security computerized 
systems that would have scrambled 
jets in the event of national 
emergencies such as multiple 
hijackings were running on Ptech 
software. A list of Ptech clients includes 
the FAA, N.A.T.O, United States Armed Forces, Congress, Dept. Of Energy, Dept. of 
Justice, FBI, Customs, the IRS, teh Secret Service, and even the White House. 



Zionist Jew Michael S. Goff (pictured right) was marketing manager at Ptech and also 
worked for Israeli database company Guardium (Director Amit Yoran); Guardium has 



been funded by Cedar Fund, Veritas Venture Partners, and StageOne, all Mossad 
funding outfits. So, with Ptech, what we had was an American "sayan" [i.e. Jewish agent 
who works with the Mossad when necessary], Michael S. Goff, who had Mossad agents 
feeding him information and directing him while he worked with his Lebanese Muslim 
"partners" in Ptech. 

Now why would a young American lawyer working with a good law firm (Sedar & 
Chandler) in his home town suddenly leave the practice of law and work with a dodgy 
start-up software company owned and financed by a Lebanese and a Saudi? Goff's 
family is a well-respected an well-known family in Worcester, Mass. He had it made at a 
good law firm after leaving law school. Why the sudden career change? Mossad asked 
him to do it. For the good of the Jewish people, etc, etc. 

Under Goff, Ptech software loaded with trapdoors and Trojan Horses was sold and 
loaded onto the MOST sensitive computer systems that failed miserably, or performed 
well (depending on your view), on September 11, 2001. 



Goff's father and grandfather, Samuel, were 
accountants who belonged to Worcester's 
"Commonwealth Lodge 600 of B'nai B'rith". 
They were both 32nd Degree Masons. Does 
an apple fall far from the tree? 

MITRE corporation (computer software) 



MITRE - major defense contracting 
organization headed by former Director of Central Intelligence James Schlesinger. It 
has been said that Schlesinger is a devout Lutheran, but his Wikipedia profile states he 
was born to Russian/Austrian Jewish parents. He is undoubtedly a Zionist. 




Ptech was with the MITRE corporation in the basement of the FAA for two years prior to 
9/11. Their specific job was to look at inter-operability issues the FAA had with NORAD 
and the Air Force in the case of an emergency. 

Precision guided plane anyone? 

t 




The plane hitting WTC North Tower 

The first plane to hit the WTC (North Tower) hit the computer room of Marsh & 
McClennan, which had recently acquired Kroll Associates, which was owned by son of 
AIG CEO Maurice Greenberg & Jules Kroll. Precision guidance equipment in office? 

Rabbi Dov Zakheim and Systems Planning Corporation 

Dov Zakheim's System Planning Corporation- 
remote airplane control technology 

Dov Zakheim's System Planning Corporation - 
remote airplane control technology 

Many have insisted that the planes which struck 
the twin towers were precision guided by remote 
control. Although sounding like science fiction 
when first hearing it, remote control technology of 
airplanes has been around for decades. SPC 
Corporation provided the flight termination system 




and command transmitter system , the technology that allows planes to be remote 
controlled should the pilots be incapacitated or the plane hijacked. 

Rabbi Dov Zakheim was the appointed Undersecretary of Defense and Comptroller 
from 2001 to 2004 under the George W. Bush administration . Zakheim is the man 
responsible for the disappearance of $2.6 TRILLION that went missing from the 
Pentagon books which was announced by Donald Rumsfeld on 10th September, 2001. 
The story was buried under 9/1 1 's rubble. 

Coincidentally, the specific section of the Pentagon that was "hit" or "blown up" 
contained the years budgetary information , as well as accountants, bookkeepers and 
budget analysts ; many of whom died on 9/1 1 . What a coincidence. 

In May 2001 , when Dov served at the Pentagon, it was an SPS (his firm's) subsidiary, 
Tridata Corporation, that oversaw the investigation of the first "terrorist" attack on the 
World Trade Center in 1993. This would have given them intimate knowledge of the 
security systems and structural blueprints of the World Trade Center. 

According to the SPC website, a recent customer at that time was Eglin AFB, located in 
Florida. Eglin is very near another Air Force base in Florida-MacDill AFB, where Dov 
Zakheim contracted to send at least 32 Boeing 767 aircraft, as part of the Boeing 
/Pentagon tanker lease agreement. 

Considering his access to Boeing 767 tankers, remote control flight systems, and his 
published views in the PNAC document, it seems very likely he is in fact a key figure in 
the alleged terrorist attacks in New York City on September 1 1 , 2001 . (Further Reading) 



Cover Up 

9/11 Investigation in Zionist Hands 

Immediately following the attacks of September 1 1th, the Jewish criminal network was 
methodically maneuvering in unison behind the scenes to quash any legitimate 



investigation that world reveal what really happened that fateful day. They made it their 
goal to control any and all angles of so called "investigation" so that they could quickly 
cover up any and all evidence that would unveil the unmistakable fingerprint of the 
Zionists. 

All appointed chief judges were Zionist Jews: 

Alvin K. Hellerstein - a judge for the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New 
York and has been involved in several high-profile 9/1 1 related cases including 
consolidated master case against three airlines, ICTS International NV and Pinkerton's 
airport security firms, the World Trade Center owners, and Boeing Co., the aircraft 
manufacturer. Hellerstein is a dedicated Zionist and Israeli nationalist who has ties to 
the Jewish mafia dating back to 1956. Hellerstein's wife is a former senior officer & 
current treasurer of AMIT. From its website it states: "Founded in 1 925, AMIT is the 
world's leading supporter of religious Zionist education and social services for Israel's 
children and youth, nurturing and educating Israeli children to become productive, 
contributing members of society." 

Michael B. Mukasey - This Orthodox Jewish judge oversaw the litigation between Larry 
Silverstein and insurance companies after 9/11. Silverstein was awarded billions. 
Mukasey prevented full inquiry into the Five Dancing Israelis incident who were arrested 
in connection with 9/1 1 . He played a role in their release. He was later appointed 
attorney general by President Bush. He defended the patriot act, and he supports 
torture policies. 

Michael Chertoff- In charge of the Criminal Division in the Justice Department on 9/11. 
Essentially responsible for the 9/11 NON-investigation . He let hundreds of Israeli spies 
who were arrested prior to and on 9/1 1 go back home to Israel. He was also a 
prosecuting judge in the first terrorist attack on the WTC in 1993. Chertoff purportedly 
holds dual citizenship with the US and Israel. His family is one of the founding families 
of the state of Israel and his mother was one of the first ever agents of the Mossad, 



Israel's spy agency. His father and uncle are ordained rabbis and teachers of the 
Talmud. 



Kenneth Feinberg - set up the victim's compensation fund ($7 billion); the criminal cabal 
managed to get 97% of the victims' families to take the money in exchange for not 
demanding a legal investigation of 9/11. 

Sheila Birnbaum - Another key Jew involved in the cover-up of 9/1 1 is Sheila Birnbaum 
of Skaddan, Arps law firm. Birnbaum was appointed ' special mediator ' of the legal suits 
filed by the 3% of families who decided not to be bought off by the Zionists. Nothing 
happened in these trials though, thanks to her. 

Benjamin Chertoff - (cousin of Michael Chertoff) - This Jewish criminal personality 
wrote the 9/1 1 hit piece in Popular Mechanics debunking '9/1 1 conspiracies' using 
ridiculous strawmen. He claims his relation to Michael Chertoff is "distant" but Chris 
Bollyn proves otherwise . 

Stephen Cauffman - Leader of NIST coverup of WTC 7 destruction. These lowlifes 
continued to maintain that fire brought down WTC 7, a physical impossibility. 

9/11 Commission Fiction: Zionist Myth-Making At Its Best 



Philip Zelikow (Dual Citizen of Israel) - 91 Vs Cover Up Man 

Zelikow was appointed the executive director of the 9/1 1 commission — the most 
powerful position of the committee. This criminal Zionist Jew is responsible for 
concocting the contrived fiction that was presented to us as the 9/1 1 Commission 
Report (i.e. official story). This work of fairy-tale fiction speaks of magical explosion- 
proof paper passports, building collapses violating the laws of physics without explosive 



assistance, and cave-dwelling, box-cutter wielding Arabs with super-human piloting 
skills — all the while completely omitting blatant anomalous events such as the self- 
demolition of Building 7 at 5:20 pm. At first Henry Kissenger was appointed as exec 
director of the 9/1 1 commission but surrendered the post after enormous protest. This 
paved the way for Zionist operative Zelikow to take his stead. Zelikow has numerous 
conflicts of interest that clearly inhibited his ability to tell the truth to the American people 
about the 9/1 1 terror attacks. 

Zelikow was a Bush Admin insider, having been on the transition team in early 2000. In 
1989-91 Zelikow worked with Condaleeza Rice on the National Security Council for the 
Bush Sr. Administration. In 1995, Zelikow and Rice wrote a book together. From 1996- 
98 Zelikow is director of the Aspen Strategy Group which also included people such as 
Condaleeza Rice, Dick Cheney and Paul Wolfowitz as fellow members. After George 
W. Bush took office, Zelikow was named to a position on the President's Foreign 
Intelligence Advisory Board [PFIAB], and worked on other task forces and commissions 
as well. In 2004 Zelikow skews the investigation into 9/1 1 by deciding which topics 
would or would not be investigated. He was also secretly in contact with one of Bush's 
close advisors — Karl Rove. 



Crime Scene Evidence Quickly Removed and Destroyed 

Alan D. Ratner's Metals Management and the SIMS J^^V. 

group is responsible for quickly scooping up the WTC VfS^r METAL 

steel rubble and shipping it off to Asian smelters. Alan MANAGEIVIE^ 

Ratner is Jewish. Ratner merged with the SIMS group and the Hugo Neu corporation, 
and they made a handsome profit. Ratner sold over 50,000 tons of crime scene 
evidence steel to a Chinese company at $120 per ton; Ratner had obtained them for 
$70 per ton. This criminal bastard not only destroyed the evidence, but made a lucrative 
profit off of it while he was at it. More research on the criminal destruction of crime 
scene evidence can be found here. 



Criminal Jewish/Zionist Personalities 
Jews and Zionists in the Right Positions! 



Rabbi Dov Zakheim - Co-author of the PNAC paper on rebuilding America's defenses 
advocating the necessity of a Pearl Harbor-like incident to mobilize America. Served as 
Pentagon comptroller from May 4, 2001 to March 10, 2004. Two large sums of money 
disappeared from the Pentagon under him. In the beginning $2.3 trillion was reported 
missing by Donald Rumsfeld (September 10, 2001) and later Zakheim was unable to 
account for another trillion dollars. Zakheim also had squads of American F-15s and F- 
1 6s sold as surplus to Israel at a fraction of their value. 

Michael Chertoff - Assistant attorney general for the criminal division of the Justice 
Department; later, Director of Homeland Security . His wife, Meryll Chertoff, was a 
regional director of the ADL. Mother was a flight attendant for El Al thus had 
involvement with Mossad. Father and uncle are Rabbis. 



Richard Perle - Chairman of Pentagon's Defense Policy Board. He was expelled from 
Sen. Henry Jackson's office in the 1970s after the NSA caught him passing highly 
classified documents to Israel. 



Paul Wolfowitz - Was Deputy Defense Secretary and a member of the Defense Policy 
Board in the Pentagon. 

Douglas Feith - Headed reconstruction in Iraq. Effectively in command, with Wolfowitz, 
of War Department on 9-1 1 ; Undersecretary of War for Policy. Fired from National 
Security Council in 1976 due to suspicion of passing classified documents to Israel. 
"Dual Citizen" of US-Israel. Douglas Feith created the "Office of Special Plans" shortly 



after 9/1 1 which was where all of the fake intelligence accusing Iraq of developing 
WMD's and having ties to Al Qaida came from. 



Eliot Abrams — Key National Security Council Advisor. Associated with criminal Zionist 
/ Pro-Israel thinktanks: AEI, PNAC, CSP, and JINSA. Closely associated with other 
criminal Jews Perle, Feith, Wolfowtiz, and Bill Kristol. Convicted of lying to congress in 
the Iran/Contra Affair but was later given a pardon by Bush. 



Marc Grossman — Under Secretary for Political Affairs on 9-1 1 ; met with General 
Mahmoud Ahmad, head of Pakistan's ISI and 9-1 1 financier, on or shortly after 9-1 1 ; 
"dual citizen" of US and Israel 



Ari Fleischer — White House spokesman for Bush on 9-11; Harlined Iraq WMD lies to 
the press; "dual citizen" of US and Israel; connected to the extremist group called the 
Chabad Lubavitch Hasidics 

More criminal personalities can be further researched HERE. 



Who was on board flight 11? 

Daniel Lewin 

Lewin, an Israeli Jew, was confirmed to be a member of the special Israeli commando 
unit, the Sayeret Matkal, which specializes in "anti-hijack" takeovers and assassinations. 
Supposedly Lewin got involved in a struggle with one of the alleged hijackers and ended 
up getting shot, which was later revised to being stabbed as a gun on board would not 
jive with the pre-packaged 9/1 1 story line. 

What are the odds that an Israeli Sayat ends up on a plane hijacked by Arab terrorists? 
Gotta be a million to one shot. I am not suggesting Lewin was on a suicide mission and 



flew into the towers, what I suggest is that he landed the plane at Stewart Airport and it 
was swapped for a remote control drone. Stewart Airport was the "privatized" airport 
where the flightpaths of the alleged planes that hit the twin towers, oddly converged 
over. 




Bush Speech Writers Grossly Inflate Number of Israeli Casualties 

On 20 September, 2001 , in his address to the Joint Session of Congress following the 
9/1 1 attacks, Bush grossly inflated the number of h^hh |^^^^^^^^^_g 
Israeli casualties in the attacks from 5 to 130. 

Does Bush write his own speeches? 

Of course not, so one cannot simply blame Bush 
for this blatant lie — whoever was his 
speechwriter is the criminal culprit. 

Who was Bush's Speechwriter? 

David Frum 

This Jewish criminal personality was Bush's Speechwriter at the time and is the one 
responsible for inflating the number of Israeli dead 26x the actual amount. Why did he 
do this? Because he's a Zionist of course and was attempting to garner sympathy for 
Israel and project them as the 'great ally' of the United States who are now 'partners' in 
this global fight against "terrorism". 

Frum was the man behind the "Axis Of Evil" label. 

He also co-authored a book with Zionist warmonger Richard Perle, entitled An End To 
Evil: How To Win The War On Terror , which was about the " Global War On Terror "; it 
defended the illegal and fraudulent invasion of Iraq — as well as called for regime 
change in Iran & Syria among other hideous things. 



Mohammed Atta Leads Us Directly To Jewish Crime Network Doorstep 




Less than one week before 9/1 1 several of the hijacker 'patsies', including Atta, boarded 
a Sun Cruz Casino Boat in Florida . Nobody knows why, and it has never been 
investigated. 

Who owned these casino boats? 



Jack Abramoff - This Zionist Jewish criminal asset was the one who entertained the Arab 
patsies aboard his yacht. Abramoff is a Bush Admin insider having been on the 
Transition Advisory Team assigned to the Department of the Interior in 2001 . 
Abramoff is a convicted criminal lobbyist who is a central figure in a plethora of political 
scandals, fraud, and other scams. He is currently serving a five year prison term for 
fraud, conspiracy, and tax evasion. 
He also had foreknowledge of the Zionist engineered War In Iraq. 



Al Qaida = Mossad Playing Dress Up 

Firstly the well known translation of 'Al-Qaeda' is The Base,' which is actually not the 
the only translation of the ominous term. Al-Qaeda also translates to The Toilet.' The 
Arabic word 'Qa'ada' means 'to sit' {on the toilet bowl}. Arab homes have three kinds of 
toilets: 'Hamam Franji' or 'Al-Qaeda' or foreign toilet, 'Hamam Arabi' or Arab toilet, and 
a potty used for children called 'Ma Qa'adia' or 'Little Qaeda.' 'Ana raicha Al Qaeda' is a 
colloquial expression for 'I'm going to the toilet.' Why would a terrorist group call itself 
The Toilet'? Al-Qaeda is 
Zionist fiction. 



Adam Yahiye Gadahn also known as Azzam the American is the so called Al Qaida 
spokesperson who releases videos tormenting the world with his anti-American rants. 
The FBI even have him on their most wanted terrorists list. 

It turns out he is a Jew named Adam Pearlman , from California. Adam's grandfather, 
Carl Pearlman, was a prominent surgeon and on the Board of Directors of the Anti- 
Defamation League! This is a script fit for a Hollywood movie. Spielberg to direct? 

Ziad Jarrah the Duped Lebanese Mossad Stooge 




Still image from "laughing hijackers" video showing Ziad Jarrah(left), and Mohammed 
Atta(right), allegedly making their martyrdom video just before 9/1 1 , all the while 



laughing hysterically about it! 



Ziad Jarrah's cousin, AN Al Jarrah , was recently discovered by Lebanese authorities of 
being a Spy for Israel for 25 years !! 

Netanyahu Openly Gleeful of 9/11 Terror Attacks 



HAARETZ.com 



Back to Homepage 



Jewish World| H a aretz Toolbar |Diplomacy| Defense | Opinion | National |f 



Focus U.S_A.|Strengerthan Fiction] Business |Real Estate|Magazine|Week''s End] 

*i) Talkback 




Share I BEl^S 



Likud 

chairman 

and 

opposition 

leader 

Benjamin 

Netanyahu. 

(Limar 

Edrey/ 

Archives) 

Last update - 00:00 16704/200S 

Report: Netanyahu says 9/1 1 terror attacks good for 
Israel 



Apparently Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu is so confident in Zionist control and 
domination that he haphazardly stated publicly that the 9/1 1 terrorist attacks were 
"good" for U.S.- Israeli relations, and would generate "immediate sympathy" for the 
Israeli cause of ethnically cleansing the Palestinians. 

The Israeli newspaper Ma'ariv reported that Likud leader Benjamin Netanyahu told an 

audience at Bar Nan: 

"We are benefiting from one thing, and that is the attack on the Twin Towers and 

Pentagon, and the American struggle in Iraq," Ma'ariv quoted the former prime minister 

as saying. He reportedly added that these events "swung American public opinion in our 

favor." 



Of course Netanyahu's nonchalantness about 
publicly making such controversial statements is 
not that surprising considering how much control 
Zionist Jews have over the American media. The 
aftermath of 9/1 1 saw the Zionist-media unveil a 
relentless demonization campaign against Arabs 
stereotyping them all as a bunch of fanatical 
plotting terrorists — a cause for celebration for 
Netanyahu and his criminal brethren who routinely 
look for any excuse to slaughter innocent 
Palestinians at a whim while confiscating their land 
in the process. 




Likely Architect of 9/11 

Netanyahu is considered by many to be the architect of the 9/11, directing the 
Mossad/Shin Bet. He was Israeli PM at the time and has a long history of involvement in 
Israeli terrorism and politics. He's been a prominent member of the Likud Government 
since 1993 . The Likud Party is the literal successor of the Jewish terrorist organization 
known as the Irgun. He was the prime minister to whom the ACB Doc was presented. 
Netanyahu wrote a book in the early 80's called Terrorism: How the West Can Win 
(pictured right). He founded the Jonathan Institute in the late 1970's to study (and plan) 
terrorism. Egyptian Intellectual, Hassan Al Bana, has stated publicly that he thinks 
Netanyahu planned 9/1 1 with the Jews at the Jonathan Institute. Al Bana cites a book 
written by Netanyahu called Uprooting Terrorism which speaks of plans to attack the 
U.N., and the World Trade Center with small nuclear bombs. 

To read the rest of this section go HERE 



Connected Events Lead to Israel 



Sears Tower Incident 

On October 16, 2001 a group of Israelis were arrested in rural Pennsylvania for 
suspicious behavior behind a Pizzeria Uno. The manager of the store informed 
authorities of two middle eastern looking men dumping furniture out of a tractor-trailer 
with "Moving Systems Incorporated" sign on the side, behind his restaurant. 

Police found the van and confronted its occupant who identified himself as Ron Katar, 
an Israeli. Katar pointed across the street to his compatriot named Mosche Almakias 
who was approaching the detained van with a female named Ayelet Reisler. Reisler 
suspiciously began to walk in a different direction once she spotted the police officer. 
She was found to have a German passport in one name and medication in another. 

Elmakias admitted being behind the Pizzeria and said his destination was New York, 
but he had to make a pickup in Plymouth. However, the clever cover story began to fall 
apart as he could not provide a name or number of this client. 

The police searched the van and discovered a Sony video camera containing a video 
taken of Chicago with several suspicious zoom-in shots of the Sears tower. Clearly 
these Mossad assets were planning some sort of false flag attack . These Israelis were 
eventually taken in by the INS and it was never heard about again. 

An important sidenote is that the Sears tower was bought by two Jews and one Gentile 
— Lloyd Goldman, Joseph Cayre, and Jeffrey Feil in 2004. These men belong to the 
same group that backed Larry Silverstein's lease of the WTC complex giving Larry $125 
million to do the deal. It seems that these criminal Jewish assets are all in on the same 
false flag terror / real-estate insurance scams together. 



Psychotic Israelis Get Sloppy In Mexico City 

As reported by La Vox De Atzlan , two men posing as press photographers, but in reality 
being Israeli Mossad agents, were arrested INSIDE the Mexican congress on October 
10, 2001 armed with 9mm pistols, 9 grenades, explosives, three detonators, and 58 



bullets, but were RELEASED from cusoty because 
of pressure from the Israeli embassy. 

"We believe that the two Zionists terrorist were 
going to blow up the Mexican Congress. The 
second phase was to mobilize both the Mexican and 
US press to blame Osama bin Laden. Most likely 
then Mexico would declare war on Afghanistan as 
well, commit troops and all the oil it could spare to 
combat Islamic terrorism." 



*¥'1 



.Ml/-* lit-.'! 



DP 







Diario W 



i MtmKO UjgSL. 



Do* cliHe nLdos, unit ra(ur:ui|«tt 

Bomk en San lizaro 

> I bviihan llii nialclin i/on explosives y li ranndas 




<*«¦*«• 



i^3^fS&==J?~ 



Lp :; »j ip i a ti i 



[.os rostros del tcrrorismo h 



T3 



The Jewish terrorists names were Salvador Guersson Smecke(retired Israeli I.D.F. 
colonel), age 34, and Saur Ben Zvi, age 27. 

These terrorists were released because of a very high level emergency meetings took 
place between Mexican Secretary of Foreign Relations Jorge Gutman, General Macedo 
de la Concha and a top Ariel Sharon envoy who flew to Mexico City specially for that 
purpose. Jorge Gutman is of the Jewish decesnt. 



Israelis, Vans, Explosives... At It Again 



On Monday May 13, 2002, Fox News reported that two Israeli nationals in a white van 
were pulled over in Oak Harbour, Washington, near the Whidbey Island Naval Air 
Station with explosives in their truck. 

Federal Authorities brought in bomb sniffing dogs which reacted first on one of the 
Israelis and later on the van. High tech equipment was later used and confirmed the 
prescence of TNT and RDX plastic explosive. The Israelis claimed to be delivering 
furniture to California but investigators doubted the story. Authorities say records for the 
Budget truck do not indicate any recent rental for the purposes of transporting 



explosives, which would require special permits; thus proving these explosives were 
illegal and obviously intended to be used for malicious purposes. 

The Fox News article makes no mention to what became of these two Israeli terrorists 
which pretty much means they were quietly released. 

To read this section in full go HERE 

Quotes From Prominent People 

Former Italian President agrees, says Mossad did 9/1 1 

Former Italian President Francesco Cossiga, who revealed the existence of Operation 
Gladio, has told Italy's oldest and most widely read newspaper that the 9-1 1 terrorist 
attacks were run by the Mossad, and that this was common knowledge among global 
intelligence agencies . In what translates awkwardly into English, Cossiga told the 
newspaper Corriere della Sera: 

"All the [intelligence services] of America and Europe know well that the disastrous 
attack has been planned and realized from the Mossad, with the aid of the Zionist world 
in order to put under accusation the Arabic countries and in order to induce the western 
powers to take part in Iraq [and] Afghanistan." 



Former Pakistani ISI Director Says it was Mossad 

In an interview only a mere weeks after 9/1 1 , Hamid Gul 
— former head of Pakistani intelligence (ISI) from 1987- 
1 989 — tells Arnaud de Borchgrave, United Press 
International of who he thinks was behind the attacks. 




Here are a few exceprts from the transcript which can be read in full here: 

De Borchgrave: So who did Black Sept. 11? 

Gul: Mossad and its accomplices. The U.S. spends $40 billion a year on its 11 
intelligence agencies . That's $400 billion in 10 years. Yet the Bush Administration says 
it was taken by surprise. I don't believe it. Within 10 minutes of the second twin tower 
being hit in the World Trade Center CNN said Osama bin Laden had done it. That was a 
planned piece of disinformation by the real perpetrators. It created an instant mindset 
and put public opinion into a trance, which prevented even intelligent people from 
thinking for themselves. 

For the full section go HERE 

Conclusion 

After reading this webpage most people who are familiar with 9/1 1 conspiracy 
information will without a doubt have a knee-jerk reaction and consider this piece to be 
very biased. Why do I focus on the Israeli angle and the Jewish conspirators? Well... 
why do most 9/1 1 "truthers" avoid that angle and refuse to talk about it? Am I denying 
that the CIA or MI6 was also involved in the attacks? No, certainly not. It is my opinion 
that Israel and its agents in the U.S. Government played the biggest role in the attacks 
and had the most to gain from them; therefore, I focus more on the Israeli/Jewish/Zionist 
connection, while others will focus more on CIA or MI6 connection. There are plenty of 
websites, documentaries, and articles that go on and on about "Bush & Cheney, U.S. 
Gov't, etc, etc" but nobody seems to want to acknowledge the rock solid evidence 
proving 9/1 1 was most likely done by the Israeli Mossad in conjunction with the plethora 
of Zionist American Jews whose duplicitous role in the attacks has been thoroughly 
documented. It is up to you to decide whether this information is valid or not, and 
whether you want to believe it. If you are about the truth then you would have no 
problem accepting this information. Picking and choosing what you want to believe is 
not what truth is about. You should always follow the trail of truth wherever it leads! 

Truth, wherever it takes me. 



In Your Service, 
ZCF 



FAIR USE NOTICE 

This site contains copyrighted material, the use of which has not always been specifically 
authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available in our efforts to 
advance understanding of environmental, political, human rights, economic, scientific, and 
social justice issues etc. 

US LAW 

We believe that our use of any such copyrighted material constitutes a 'fair use' as provided for in section 107 of 
the US Copyright Law. In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, the material on this site is distributed 
without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and 
educational purposes. For more information go to: http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/17/107.shtml. 

EU LAW 

As regards the use of copyrighted material within the European Union. The European Directive 2001/29/EC of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 22 May 2001 on the harmonisation of certain aspects of copyright and 
related rights in the information society provides in its art. 5 an exhaustive list of exemptions that can be 
implemented by the Member States. 

Amongst that list, the exemption(s) invoked must cover the reproduction and communication to the public (since 
the publication on the Internet implies those two acts). Generally, exemptions will be based on the purpose of the 
intended use. For instance, the Directive provides for an exemption to the exclusive right of reproduction and 
communication to the public when it is made for the sole purpose of illustration for teaching or scientific 
research, as long as the source, including the author's name, is indicated, unless this turns out to be 
impossible and to the extent justified by the non-commercial purpose to be achieved. 

Another exemption is "reproduction by the press, communication to the public or making available of 
published articles on current economic, political or religious topics or of broadcast works or other 
subject-matter of the same character, in cases where such use is not expressly reserved, and as long 
as the source, including the author's name, is indicated, or use of works or other subject-matter in 
connection with the reporting of current events, to the extent justified by the informatory purpose and 
as long as the source, including the author's name, is indicated, unless this turns out to be impossible". 

All the exceptions must comply with the three step test which imply that exemptions must only apply in certain 
special cases (1) which do not conflict with a normal exploitation of the work or other subject-matter (2) and do 
not unreasonably prejudice the legitimate interests of the rightholder (3). 

If you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use', you must 
obtain permission from the copyright owner. 


